Yeah, saw that a few days ago, loved it
yo we need u back here
He's staring at you
The Asian guy actually hates you
No vacant rooms we couldn't do it😤
My bad I peaced. You going to Carolyn's tn?
VZW Free Msg. Your Secret Question and Answer have been established or changed. If you feel that you've received this in error, please call customer service.
Temporary PIN for My Verizon Registration. Your PIN is : 552434. If you did not request this change, please contact Verizon at 800-922-0204
Night Erik :)
Lmk how it goes! 
Wow def a hustle. Drink lots of coffee!!
Hbu? 
Yes 
Stoll there?
At bar 
Top floor 
At dills 
Yea bruh
Cum thruuuu
In the rat bruh
Yo where u at
Rattt
Where are you
In Tom and martys wayyy back at a table 
 Hey yes 
Wooo! Can't wait 
Almost here ?!!!! 
Lol
 U get a job at NASA and can't spare $6? 
No lol
Ahhh gaye
I need it
Plsss
??
See you soon 😎
I'll pay u back tmrw lol
Make moves 
Venmo me it by any chance...?
Yaaaassss
...$6?
Nigga
Come we have a table
At toms rn!!! 
Yes
Already weird
It's gonna be 🔥🔥🔥
Okay! We are gonna head to the bars rly early around 11and just hang out there. I'll let you know what bar i think we are prob going w Tom and Martys😁 
Hey Erik!! What time will you be at the bars tn? 
Will do 
Not too sure yet 
 Hey sorry 
Aw ok 😞
Yah il probably do the same then 
When does the bus get here? 630?
What time are we getting up tomorrow 
K
Ight lmk
Swag
Small bottle of jack
Yea I think so
Yeap
Liquor store?
Hey are you busy?
He said he will be back in 10 minutes
Alex is here
And if not (or maybe we should probably prioritize this) someone beat us to the punch in terms of dataset http://www.emilio.ferrara.name/datasets/
And ok nice 
Plz I'd like to see these bitches stop me 
What are our features?
How
REALLY!?
I am swolling at like 4
What time are you swolling
Das good 
Mmmm 
Ooooooo 
Shoot
Ok, Thxs!
U know what..I guess I will be late to lunch and won't miss class :( Thxs anyway
Yes please put in a back door kill switch.
Hi Eric! This is Gissella. Do you know what time are u leaving ur class? Can u let me know like 10 minutes in advance so I can leave my class?
Don't send any sexts!
I get this email from morning brew every morning. I don't know what's going on in the world ever so this keeps me somewhat informed haha
https://streamable.com/ofe2
to hackboo?
Idk that one 
Da fook? 
worked out we snagged a seat for nick hahha
thanks to john back at him and I hate you too
Yaaaaay
Rude 
I see u
about to be there where you at
Verizon Msg: You've used about 90% of your 6GB data (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle will be $15 per 1GB. Or, increase your data by 2GB for $15 more per month. There's no contract extension. To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing Verizon.
And queer
Here
Coming now
At 5 sharp
Fine
John will drive
Same
Where are you parked
Fgt
We will wait
John says he can wait
He's coming down to g20 in 3 so I'll ask
John has class at 6
Can't swing
Potle with me and john right now
Nbd 
Can you send the email to me again? I can't find it 
When is it?
I mean we can do it if we win money 
Aw okay:( let me know! Also can try to get pics or whatever for you
Hey Erik! Were you able to get out of your advising hours
Nice, that's a must see. There should be a lot of heckling.
I saw that. Pens have the 3rd string  goalie.
Having no fans or revenue has forced them to be smart. They were the leading edge in shifts.
So you do keep the threads in an array? Is that how you're accessing them?
Super delagates so the dems can control who the candidate is. The republicans wish they had that to control Trump.
He's been beating her in every state and out fund raising her but he is getting skunked on the super delegates.
Plus even though it's a good strategy , you don't want the permanent stain of voting for Bernie.
Are you registered up there? I think you are registered in Nassau county. To vote I think you have to do an absentee ballot.
I believe next 
On campus? It must have been big.
Ted Cruz is going to have a rally in bing on Friday.
Euch
Already bought the rope
That moment when 373 is a prequis for PL :(((
I'm already eating flesh dinner
Too late
Fgt
With me
Do you want any
I'm going to get coffee
:(
Srsly
Zach Seymour with a girl
Lol
I have plenty of flesh in the lab anyway
Andrews out
John and Phil aren't
🐝
Busy bee you are
MAYBE
Are you nerds getting spiedies
You're not free at like 1250ish today are you?
Hah you're awful I love it
I actually just killed him instead
(front page assuming you’re subscribed to r/The_Donald)
watching rn
theres an hour long video
front page of reddit 
his jet is like in the background according to reddit 
today
at griffiss
trump had a rally in the hanger 
dood
Speaking of Alex I see him in ciw  right now
❤️
Next *spring semester
Ughhh she'll never put me in, there's no reason to from her perspective of I can just take it next semester
Plus atm I have Monday's and Fridays off
It filled up, I'll never get in at this point :/
I'm in networks, I have to drop either that, OOP, or design patterns...I think I'll take Oop next semester
What are you in next semester?
So I left 
Like this morning I came in and Matt was working and I tried saying whatup but he like awkwardly ignored me 
Like is what I'm doing allowed...?
I'm nervous being in the office now 
Lol coming 
Verizon Msg: You've used about 75% of your 6GB data (cycle ends the 20th). To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing Verizon.
What is your schedule like on Wednesday?
Idk he's prob doing anal with his frat
Morgy ain't here
Just josh so far
Erik Langert memorial trophy
Damn
*apartamento
Thinkin about throw in a party at the apartanento
This may be like 3 months in advance lol but do u think you'd be coming home for 4th of July?
Yea I told you that
Yeah there should be an API endpoint. 
Oh oh ok. So like ml cdt? I like it
Okay cool
Yeah, i guess thats true.  I’ll definitely do it if u don’t want to
I would want to but i don’t think i’d ever be able to make meetings on mondays, so unless the meetings were at another time i don’t think that would work
Training consistently is a bit easier. You only need like 3 to 4 hours per week to get it in
Diet is super tricky to dial in unless you prepare meals ahead of time and only have to heat them up to eat quickly during you busy day
Haha cool man. It's very tough on both counts, but you're off to a good start by just showing up and trying...
i mean possibly via the api, you can’t get it through the UI?
ooo
Emailed you
How was your soup?
Nigga
They had a 2-0 lead so they had to put in the 4th string goalie. Rags fans are pissed that we tanked and they didn't tank against the Wings.
Ah okay, could have sworn you told me it was like a 2.6. Nvm
What's the Watson average again? I'm debating with Simeon
What should I say 
I'm sitting across from a cute grill in the library 
My heart says yes. Thanks. Give me a call when u are free One night this week
Do I recommend upgrading to Windows 10?
Did you end up working out yesterday?
What's the hardest drug you've ever done?
Ok, no problem, I'll send it up.
Going to sleep now, see you tmrw :) 
Thank you. You just made my day 
I see the resemblance 
Must be the hair 
I actually get that a lot 
Lol that's great. But I don't think I have the costume for that, probably a good thing that I don't lol 
Still gotta figure out my costume 
Lmao that is amazing ! 
So crazyyyy. Lucky me ! 
Woah we are legit the same person. I'll be there too 
So excited to try that. Sounds like it's gonna be a fun night, can't wait !! 
😂😂😂
Yeah I def would sounds great 😎
I don't think my skills are quite as good as yours. But I'm okay, my snapping skills are 👌
I think we might be ! 
I went to ihop today too, I think you just missed me 😔
I wanna see you dance the night away !
Yeah me either 😂😂😂. And yeah it was a blast you?
Yeah gotcha 
It's not really my style overall although I think it's fine, but gotta lotta is definitely my favorite song of the last couple weeks 
Actually? Huh
Thoughts on collegrove? 
Lol did t mean to put the question mark
Okie be there in a few?
You should come pick me up lmao
U fuq??
7 ?
Yiip
Unless you're thinking earlier
Cause I'll wanna get dinner before I post up
Uhmmmm idk
Prolly
Did you fuck
Hey ! How was your night ?
👍
Yes ! That's perfect
Everything's good yo
Lol
Yo yo yo
As you type it suggests lyrics trained on different artists?
Got it. Rap autocomplete 
Lol I've told you you're tall! Short guys have it rough, I feel bad for them
Gains
Yes ! Thanks Erik! 
You in the rat?
-#ratchet
Lmao in the rat
On line
Will try
Isk
Ulta
ILY
DILLS
FUCK
Fill
Drunk
Fills
Filled
No happy face
I'm in bed to
Estoy in mi bed
Can
Idk if I cab
There are so many around me
Ikr
Next time !!!
Jews went to oasis
Josh is
Ight fam I'll keep in touch
Still hawley
Lataaaa
I'm count to dills
Oops that was mean I was upset about Taylor thing
Die
Went to a house party, gonna head back to UP in a lil
I don't think I'm going to make it out to the bars tn 😔
What's up ? 
Erik !!
Hihihugugihi
I'm bed 
Ight. I'm at a party on hawley
Where you at
2 straight years of 100 pts already. On nhl tonight they are saying the back up penguin goalie got hurt and fleury has a concussion , they mught be down to 3ed strung
I try
He's undecided
Yeah im just gonna see how that goes 
They're letting me do a dual with CS and mechE. If it's too hard I'll drop mech but I have a lot of AP credits so I'm gonna try it
I KNOW IM SO EXCITED
Thank you! My brother will slay on my behalf. 
Hey! I just committed to RPI. Thanks so much for your help though!
Yes , they can't get more than one point. It's a makeup snow game. The flyers clinched today too so they won't be trying. Either.
Rags
Ok
Like do waveforms actually correlate to artist? What features could we extract?
This is your turf. That sounds hard though 
Ooo 
Oh that's dope 
That's an amazing idea 
Precisely 
Exactly 
:D maybe lyrics?
YO do you think you'd be able to do deep learning on rap??
Sure no problem. Lemme know what works for you. I'll be around 
also i’m playing with low level networking and cross platform graphics. browser will be in reach next year or you can shove webkit up my ass
i was gonna semi retire from going to hackathons next year but if you’ve got ml stuff up your sleeve damn id be a slave on that team
id love to help with that
but if you have a dataset, it’s game on
i just can’t compete with that
I’m sorry  i want to support your baller dreams
they’re way way more sophisticated 
yik yak shat on me, tinder Definitely will
totally unsupervised 
and we could reverse engineer tinder but people do that all the time and get shat on, also we’d have no ground truth
ok that dataset could work
completely good idea though
but i think its been done a bunch, also where would we get data
that would be
Come outside
Yeah should be good
Ok
Yes or no
I'm leaving in 5
DO YOU WANT A FUCKING RIDE
Erik
http://www.quizyourfriends.com/take-quiz.php?id=1604091724283251&lnk&
Do you want me to pick you up
Hey I have some time to talk now if you can
Sounds exciting
Open house?
Come to the east gym and ball like the nigger you are
Still have no idea what the y in parenthesis is
Lol
I thought that was clever
Really?
Perhaps an alcoholocaust?
We may be accompanied by a few Jewish acquaintances
You down for some shenanigans tonight?
http://youtu.be/yrp9RLVAUgs
Again
Just got swoll as fuck
Fgt
630
It's all good bud
Hey chief so what's the plan what are you thinking
Later
Me and john
Chipotle
Cheers to sleep tho
Yea I think so
Lol
Lol nothing, I parked on Oak last night and would have said hello
You home?
Me and josh are in the rat
Lmk which bar you at
And idk yet probably not
It's okay
I'll see you Sunday
Rest up
Awwww okay
whyyyyyyuh
NOOOOOO
That's fine. Just wanted to be sure it wasn't lost in mail. No worries. Have a fun weekend.  
Claire L is coming
I'm giving up toms for the night
My friend Mike wants me to go there tonight so
I'm going there too!
What bar are you going to?
Okay well
The one with the girlfriend?
Did I meet him at toms with Claire ?
Who is Christian ?
Sketch
Are you going out tonight?
Where you poopin?
Did you get mail from me?
Swaggy swag
But me and josh are down tn I think
Ruth and Barry are looking to come out tomorrow
You lookin to get cray
Not sure yet
Tomorrow 
Up
Not much what's ur 
I think I'm just gonna chill tonight I have to be on campus for a meeting at 10:00 
I don't think I'm going out:/
Hii
Nope
In your mouth faggot
I'm cooking
Not sure yet 
Yessir, prolly to the rat again that's their favorite
Always 
Headed to canton NY for zones 
YOU FUCKED UP
 No you fucked up
Dope 
Aight. So we should rsvp yes?
can we go at 6
Noob question but do we have a bus to Rutgers? Or is that not happening 
Lol that's good 
Do you still have job? 
Ahaha she probly won't if she can't drink 
Karlee can't either 
Half marathon 
I can't drink at half Halloween :( 
Chipotle: Psst. Looks like you still have free food. Be sure to redeem your chips & guac offer by 4/10 at 11:59PM EDT.
Pregame at my friend jessica's dorm in ciw with a bunch of sophomores if you'd like to join, it starts at 930
GEICO Policy: Your payment of $106.37 for policy ending in 7488 will be billed to the credit/debit card ending in 6131 on 04/13. Reply STOP to end texts.
Call me when you're out of class
I'll be in AA. So we can meet somewhere by there 
I can wait until 1
I know 💔 
Here's what we should have done https://twitter.com/_youhadonejob1/status/718182852333068293
Surely surely that sounds splendid
Are we doing dinner tomorrow ?
Oh, alright. Eileen's email scared me
Is PL only offered in the fall?!
Lol okay! Have fun sorry i suck ass
Gonna relocate to a spot that's close to a bathroom
Do u luv me
I want a study buddy bc keep having to poop but hate leaving my stuff lmfao
Studying
R u on campus
erik question
Let's make it all about 69 and shit 
Dope 
Like make some stupid games and stuff for him to do when we're at hackbu
Of you
The chair video
No no I mean are you down to help
And watching him struggl e
And giving it to him after the cake 
Are you coming tonight? Thinking about making a scavenger hunt for itsi to find the video at hackbu 
Duuuuude ncaa this is gonna be dope 
I said hi to foreman and he just stared through my soul
And yeah I won't be able to eat solid foods for a while probably buuuut it may not be that so we'll see
That's why I asked what you were up to today lol
also https://i.imgur.com/JkVfbRx.png
May needa root canal 😭
I have a dentists appointment
Gosh darn
http://gfycat.com/LonelyLoneKid
holy shit

a) that gfycat URL
b) the gif itself
TRUST IN HAROLD
HAROLD MAKES IT SO
EVEN IF YOU DO NOT SEE HIM HE IS THERE
my immense pleasure, of course
n-e-way, ty 4 the birthday wishes
Got it, figured that’s what you were talking about
I think that’s a reference I’m not getting
And this one: http://i.imgur.com/ExIqChP.gif
swiggity snooty
This one’s also pretty decent: http://i.imgur.com/VVtDrfY.gifv
http://i.imgur.com/Fei6m2E.gif
beautiful 😢
shut up you're actually adorable 
Loooooooooooooooool
Thank you, Erik <3

BTW, that circled picture was taken on Purim (essentially Jewish Halloween), which coincided with my sister's second birthday. So in the picture she's two, and I'm not even five. I think I was dressed as Robin Hood or something?
 Hopefully ! 
Sent woo 
Hmm ok trust
Love it and very sad about her husband I'll wait her response 
 Awesome 
Ok great thanks 
But read my email please 
Someone registered Jackie so nvm about that class 
I sent you an email 
What's the the heaviest class? 320?
Trust. Do you think 350/320/Linear/DP will be too heavy of a schedule?
Noooooo
Wait can you hold DP for me?
How do uk so many ppl
I FINALLY GET TO GO
69spooky420me killed me
OMG Erik I'm doooone 😹😹😹
What are you up to around 330 tomorrow?
http://m.nydailynews.com/news/national/gap-kids-ad-ignites-twitter-ire-accusations-racism-article-1.2589475
Ok I'm gonna draft it then send to you 
Lol tru maybe I'll just email her? 
That means she isn't there? 
Her door is closed 
I'll just go see if she is there 
I'm just gonna go by myself 
I have class at 3:30 just so you know 
Ok no probs 
Don't forget about me 
Thru
Come !
I see you!
Well if you're in the union today from 12-2 at all come say hi at my club tabling :)
I'll just get duct tape, it'll be fine
Yeah
😬😬😬
My hero ❤️
My laptop hinge is breaking off
Yeah that sounds good 
Wanna try at 1:30? 
I have work from 11-1:30 but free after 
Ok let's try 
You think I should go alone? Or will having you Come be good? 
I wanna try and talk to Eileen today:/
They really are. Don't forget Hillary still has one in her brain.
Isles beat the caps in ot and cliched a playoff spot. Hopefully they stay were they are, don't pass the rags and stay ahead of Phiily. They would end up playing Fla on the first round and I think stay in that division. Stamkos has a blot clot and is out if the make it to the second round.
Do you know anyone that fixes hardware issues on campus?
😂
Hahahahah promise
Bobby is a lil bitch from home I made him At late nite he's anorexic
How blessed are you that beef made it in there
It's Bobby!!!!!!
I can't stop pooping plse send help
Love the name choice w the question mark
That's good!!! Made it rly hard
Take my quiz it's funny http://www.quizyourfriends.com/take-quiz.php?id=1604052258456539&lnk&
Erik!
We have a plan for how to surprise him so let me know ASAP
Yea no worries I thought you were only coming Saturday.
Aren't you coming?
Surprise party for Rob
Motorcycle biker theme on Saturday get pumped
Are you on campus
You have a fb pic in a cheerleading outfit, so we already know you look good in an uniform
No no, I think you should be an actual cheerleader
What sport?
I'll snag you one doe
For student athletes lol
They put them out at the Events center on Tuesdays
I.e me
It's not douchebaggery if you're jacked as fuck
I'm going to crush algo discussions tanked up
So yea
I just got like 7 tank tops
Sadly no :( I can get more next Tuesday
Would bang/10
It was green, firm, fit in my hand perfectly. Crisp when I bit into it, tart and sweet at the same time
But I get your point
It's all important
I'm about to go home and crush gains too
We can be friends again
Thatta boy
I'm also eating the best apple I think I've ever had
What time is you're first class?
I don't think they make them that black
Of course - I'll give you the green one, it'll bring out your eyes
You should do a ponytail, though
Mhmm I'm thinking I'll go straight, then be sporty later in the week
And I snap chatted you, I had to abort it keeps falling down :/
Lol my bad, it's hard to interpret over text
Oh
~sarcasm~
Eh, it's kind of a turn off
I think those my make head look weird, but aight lol
What should I do with my hair? Straight, pony, braid, bun...
Hmm I can't do that, once I'm up I'm up
That was my exact plan, then I had to poop :/
👍🏼
lol nice
sounds about right
That's perfect 
Sure! I'm actually going on a business trip today, returning Friday, so how about this weekend, sometime on Saturday?
Either way thanks a lot
Yea that's what I said
Idk I'm leaning more toward RPI and I don't even know why I just got a sense of belonging over there. I liked Bing a lot but I just think that's where I'm meant to be for some reason
Yeah he did
My mom is more for Binghamton 
Yeah I know that. I don't know why I like it I just really do lol I appreciate your help I'll let you know if I decide 
Yeah I got like $52,000 in merit so money isn't an issue
Ok because I actually really like RPI and I'm thinking of committing but I want to make sure I'm not screwing myself over academically 
Hi it's Gina, I have all my college decisions back and now I have to decide. I was just wondering do you think Bing and RPI are academically on the same level for CS 
Nooo I haven't heard of him sorryyy
Yea sure that's gucci
hrow a surprise party on Saturday for him. Any theme ideas????
Sup chief, I hope the cruise was phenomenal. I've got a question for you: my housemate rob is turning twenty three on Saturday and we are trying not to t
Very mature of you to meet with her and clear it up 
I meant you 
Lol we 
Im glad we got it all cleared up 
Omg yayayayya
Really!? 
Hey what time do you think you're gonna swing by 
Such busy people
So many plans 
We're so popular 
Also the dinner I promised you probably can't happen this week until after Thursday Bc I have a lot to do hehe
I will find someone who hasn't gone yet I'm determined 
I have crackers and expired yogurt in my kitchen lol
So sad
Did you go to wegmans yet??
I stopped in Syracuse for the night to see Beau
But if we do have an open discussion I think everyone including me will voice for you 
You guys are obviously really close, so maybe just talk to her before the meeting and just explain how you were not trying to harm anyone and you understand it was not appropriate in a work setting. It's just that were all friends so the line was a little unclear but now it's super defined and you understand. 
Yeah it's weird I feel like we're all in the same boat where no one things you were being offensive 
Just be careful with my backpack please Bc my computer is in it!!!
Thank ya mucho
Tomorrow is fine!! 
Julia said she left my stuff with you?
I'm home!!!
Oh wait there is no peer meeting!! 
Don't be tho, what you did was not bad in the big picture. You know you can be hard on yourself for it. It was really just a joke taken the wrong way 
I'm nervous too! 
I know, bb, I know
I appreciate it <3
Yeah, saw that
And nah son, I'll be back in tomorrow morning
Also my best friend
He's a famous weatherman
I love Jim Cantore
Lol, pretty much
Ok 
How was the cruise
When do u get home
Thanks Erik ☺
take ur time
fine with me! my mom is getting into the shower and she'd prefer if I didn't leave without her seeing us off lol
okie
what time are ya thinkin?
I understand 
 Yo
Lol I don't remember but it sounds like me 
neat-o
I miss ya, buddy — we haven’t gotten any real quality hang out time in a while… :/
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=PdRWGMyeSYY
It is that exciting
Don't burst my bubble
You're the worst
It's exciting!! It's thunder snow, we never see that
I JUST HEARD THUNDER
What's so bad about running?
I answered you!
Lel
You back in Bing, ya handsome fool?
I'll let you know if I swing by
Yo I was in the shower 
👿
No, you're gunna start running.
😍😍😍
YOURE GUNNA START RUNNING?!
Going to angs wbu
Yo
😝😝😝😝
Good stuff
Is Antonio around
Sounds like a plan
Playing nhl. Also have a chicken bacon ranch pie if you want some
Yo yo
I've already screenshotted him everything
I wouldn't know where to begin 😬
I feel like people usually don't match their porn interests
Lol all my suggestions will be sarcastic, I don't want you to know what I like
Enjoy ☺️
www.pornhub.com/gayporn
Got it
ah so I see you are also a humble meme peddler like myself, looking to sell his warez
I approve, those are indeed "g✌🏼️oo✌🏼d memes"
So not a requirement
"Preferably"
Try one you haven't tried before, you might surprise yourself
Lol, idk what you're into
On names? I don't really have a favorite 'person,' I just like what I like
Lol, understandable
Who's your favorite?
Not looking in the right category, clearly
;)
I'm my own favorite porn star
I saw pusheen pajamas at H&M the other day
He licked me earlier today, though, so I felt a little loved
He's a butt
Meh, it's been aight. I love being home but I feel like I've spent the whole time worrying about school, and stress eating from that
Cool I can arrange that ✌🏼️😎✌🏼
Mhmm, bleh. I'm sure you're right, though, this will work itself out soon enough
I'm guessing Lokesh brought it to her attention? This has been going on for awhile, strange it's coming up now
Also good point, it's in the public eye anyway
Yeah, it makes her more relatable and cooler imo
(both I guess)
story of my life, i know
, I don't understand her reaction to that either
And on the groupme posting, I feel like when you're in a position of authority like she is you have to have some humor...no ones trying to disrespect her
e thinks you're trying to cause trouble
Oh true, when Jake transferred you to Cat you mentioned she didn't think it was an issue at all. Youre also one of her favorite peers, I don't get why sh
Maybe talking to her in person would straighten things out?
roupme was part of a joke, since Jake had said he'd 'get you back'...I guess not :/
Oh wow, I'm sorry Erik :/ 
That doesn't really sound like Sharon at all, shes  always so easy going...I actually half-wondered if Lokesh posting in the g
I have, I was kind of surprised Lokesh didn't reply to you - were you able to get in touch with Sharon?
Yeah, shoot
But I already heated it up 😣
Do I want cheez-it's or pasta for dinner?
Mhmm yea I figured you might not have service on the boat, I'm glad it was fun tho!
About 5:30-6
Y u no answer my question..
Also, this:
loooooooooooooooooooooooooooool!
I have that saved on my phone, fucking died laughing the first time I saw it
I'm leaving, take my spot 
okie! I'll be ready when you are!
yoo what's the plan
I'm at the baggage claim
I miss you tho home skillet
Oh god
Did you hack a Twitter account?
Lmfao
Why is that your Twitter name?!
I guess that means an 11:18 landing. Text me when you land then text me when u are outside the terminal. I might attempt a drive by pickup this time. Do you guys have luggage or is it all carry on?
Also all the stuff I've sent is good dw 
It's really funny though 
No that's completely fine
ERIK
DID YOU SEE THE TAYLOR SWIFT APPLE MUSIC AD
I'm sure you will! And lol of course 
I meant Ryan 
Well so did Erik last week soo...
Also, have you ever even posted something from Sharon's fb?
Glad you had such a fun time tho
Lol ya that's how people feel after that stuff lol. Also why overweight people love cruises lol 
How was the cruise? 
Of course 
I gotchu you with the support 
Yeah for real 
But I guess from like Sharon as a director, maybe she cares more idk..
And I thought it was a funny joke when it first happened. And I told my boyfriend about it and he thought it was ridiculous that Lokesh told Sharon 
Like I didn't think anyone would care 
I personally thought lokesh was joking when he sent those messages 
Oh man yeah don't respond today 
Sooo awkward 
Did you send her something first? 
What you send back? 
Oh I see
What she send to you??
Lemme see what you sent!? 
Omg 
Ok thanks.
http://youtu.be/2mghmk3Cs6U
about the call to Jake idk why man but call her as soon as you have service
lmao time magazine cover story this morning about pornography and nofap
Alex likes FLAC because it reminds him of his FLACID dick
https://twitter.com/tehviking/status/715231232242507777
Free VZW MSG: Your international data costs up to $2.05 per 1MB. To purchase 100MB at $25/mo reply "Yes". Each additional 100MB is $25
The Account Manager/Owner is needed to add features. Incoming Calls/Text are active. Calls: $1.79/min. TXT: Send=$0.5, Receive=$0.05.
Welcome to Bahamas. Intl data features are inactive. You may not be able to place calls. Add via www.vzw.com/intlcare or call +1-908-559-4899.
How was/is your cruise?
did you call her?
 Nothing enjoy your cruise I'm jealous!
you need to call and apologize about the whole thing today please do it ASAP tomorrow
she is really upset about that call
please tell me you're getting these
you need to call Sharon ASAP tomorrow and apologize for the call to Jake today
The Account Manager/Owner is needed to add features. Incoming Calls/Text are active. Calls: $1.79/min. TXT: Send=$0.5, Receive=$0.05.
Welcome to CRUISE SHIP. Intl data features are inactive. You may not be able to place calls. Add via www.vzw.com/intlcare or call +1-908-559-4899.
How's the cruise
Since we like Jagels now, Simeon is my new shitting target 
could be cool
my knee jerk reaction is that I’m totally down to do NCAA stuff
Shit you think lokesh is being serious.. 
take it you got it?
Have a great time.  Take it easy on the all u can eat ice cream!!!  Bon Voyage!!!!  Luv u
U set sail at 4
R u on the ship yet?
I'm guessing it's nicer than here.
Thanks . What temp is it there?
Drs visits if Helen has to pick up the kids.
Ok great. Can I use you car on an emergency? I think I have the keys.
We're almost there 
Word were coming for you 
Cross island bridge 
20 minutes 
75-80 percent id say 
Directions and driving issues 
Lots of bickering between my two dads 
Hello 
Bob is right now 
Keeps changing. Close to 11 now 
Trust me I know 
Yep
Not the best call
Gw
We're getting raped by traffic 
Had to stop for annies small blatter 
About 1 hour out 
Oh it is all out on the table, feel free there are no limits apparently hahha
We're getting the r e!
Hey, we're having dinner soon so just walk in when you get here!
Happy Easter!!!  Are u Ready to cruise?
Ive been chugging water for the last 2 days in preparation for this week 
I'm ready 
Can't wait 
And yeah, because I my phone it's from March 11th.hahaha 
But did you get my information in the group, about my terminal, gate and flight departure time?
Hahaha that message probably didn't go through. I sent that message the night that I booked my trip in the CS office 
I'm confused. I sent you my flight information in the group with you, me, Annie and Christian in it 
What?
Can't wait to be brutally hungover and sunburnt with you next Saturday ❤️💙💚 (actually tho) 
My wardrobe is lacking
Hope you found something to wear
Here
Ok mom said 8:15. Good luck
We are gonna leave at 8
Okay
Any luck? 
Gucci
What time
Oh cool
Nah I'll get you guys on my way home from work
Yup I just heard
Can we pick him up at 7 too?
Yup there's room
Ok, I may not get admitted.
Okie dokie sounds good!
on going
Hey nugget you're coming tonight right? If so, you just have to text tom asking when he's leaving Bc I'm not going with him and don't know when he plans 
Still in the ER. Waiting for lab results.
Big chief. I'm gonna pick you up at 7
Sounds good
Yeah yo, let me know when
Yeah
Gimmie like 10 mins I'm getting in the shower right now
I'm getting held up at my grandma's,  I'll just meet up with you later
Classic
Only if it's quick,  I got some homework to do
Not too far and probably 12
Getting ready to go to my grandma's 
Yo
Goodnight yo
Yeah yo
Just got home, wbu
Yo
Yea no problem! What I have is yours
ah I c
why do ya ask
physical fitness and wellness
wat
Or whatever lei teaches
I TA algo
OOOH that's something I didn't know
Sounds good
Hey we just got out of church so come over
Yeah I already told ang I'd chill there,  maybe I'll meet you guys later
Ayo
Lawl
I'm gone now
Oh hey
I'm home 
What do you mean 
like by the dumpsters
where? you can park behind endi while loading the car
ok let me know when you're up here and I'll let you into endi
hey do I have time to go buy some food? lol
so lmk when you're done packing up your car later:) I need help carrying down my bin lol
lol yeah..
I was confused as to why you were texting the both of us but then I checked with Lauren and she's home lol
lol yea she left with Jess 
Caro went home with Jess yesterday
No he left at 7:45 
Yeah I gotta roll out soon but I didn't want to leave it unlocked 
Ded 
;);)
Kinda dope space thing, view it from your phone http://alpha.vrchive.com/image/ERF
Leaving soon. I hope. 
Or I could just stay after hours like I plan to 
Prolly 
Yup
Come
To parking ramp and get a ride home 
You can come watch tv with me 
Bob is taking me home 
she waking out now come
call when you're outside
come to Holliday inn p lot
guess I'm taking Annie
he's with me
same with bob
okay so do you want a ride back I'm chilling waiting at my car
Bathroom 
call me
I want to know where u are 
I don't want to talk to him 
I'm gonna hang tight for a few minutes if ya want a ride
yo had to leave
Where u??
I'm at rat now 
Rat 
I meant tequila 
Have some trucks ready for me 
Okay sweet 
We're leaving soon 
Kings 
We just started a game 
 Ok doesn't look like we're moving 
I couldn't remember and Adam was dying to see it
Thanks Chach
Hey boo. Can you send me a pic of your to do list white board
Something like, "oh yeah deep neural networks are like blah blah
Sorry I would've told you if I remmebe d 
I don't know 
Dinner with his grandma then probly binge drinking somewhere 
Yes you will 
But I don't want to goooo
My friends from 9-11 then the bars I suppose 
I'm suposed to go out with the team 😒
Know what you don't know pussy 
Literally makes me sick 
It's some neckbeard guy with a neckbeard watch talking matter of frankly like he's a grad student 
Fucker you don't even know the surface 
Love listening to freshmen in physics talk about deep neural networks 
I know. I guess I haven't played enough to acquire them yet 
gonna lose a lot but no pain no gain
maybe I'll play it later tonight lmfao
naw son, I'm taking naps 
I don't get a full week 
my spring break is today, friday, and monday only 
We never had our lord of the rings date 
:((((((((((
lmfao I barely have time to play anything. flooded with tests and projects 
We will just never see each other like ever
I was talking to Claire
Ahhh fuck Erik
Touche
Microsoft had to see that coming
I know I know makes it even better
lol yes bc she started saying racist things that ppl were telling her and she learned lmao
Ugh glad u like
Unfortunately she's grounded but still cool
http://www.theverge.com/2016/3/23/11290200/tay-ai-chatbot-released-microsoft

Have u heard about this? I found this way too amusing and cool
Aye whaddup
I'm here till 4!
If you're on campus come to the market place
Aww okay I was gonna come say hi 
Ok thanks . So late afternoon at the earliest.
Do you have blitsd hours today?
Hahaha 
Ohh I see 
When was I sassy? 
Yeah, saw that the other day
I approve
you go Erik
wow
omg
yolo swag
wow 
lmao
retweet
*shrugs*
lmao I'm not helping him get out of debt by paying for his music
lmao jk I wouldn't do that to you
wooo!! I'll make a glee playlist!!! 
I don't have to go to my bio class friday so I'll be good to go whenever you are!
We coming thruuuu
Brandon hohenberg's
At brandon's 21st bday
Wouldn't u like 2 kno 
I took a five hour nap bc nobody woke me up
How'd you know? 
Lol okay sounds like a plan
What happens in math club... 
Too much work 
I can't go out tn btw
Haha thank you 
Just lold didn't know she was that funny
Any day
Saturday? Sunday?
👋 bitch slap 
Don't fight me 
Owww 
I'm donnnneee
Plse do so
Noo :(
I know!!!
😢😢😢😢😢
Gonna stay in im sorry. Get crunk!!!
Well in reality this just means that you should come to rockaway
You're supposed to say "what?"
Say "what?"
*?
Hey, Erik, guess what!
lol, on point
Saved for future memeing
Ok I'll keep u posted! Ty
Maybe We'll come thru
Okay keep me updated where u go!!!
Omg lol!!! I rly wanted to go out actually but my throat is killing me hmm I'll think about it
Oh boy
Lmfao
I'll be omw home my friend
I have a late shift tonight for the helpline
Not right now:(
WHAT
We should hang out over break that'd be dope
Lots has happened
Nothing much
A bit yeah
YAY
Are you alive ?
Do you know what time you'll be arriving on Friday?
I'm a big girl might have figured it out
Do you know any stata masters I'm
Dying
8===✊===D💦 👍🏼👍🏼
NVM about the whole Mary Jo thing — it was a double-entry on her part. You should be receiving just one check.
Just make sure it’s for $1652 or whatever and you should be good.
I was looking for a meme to send you, but they’re all self-deprecating instead of supportive…
Cool cool cool
Glad it went well :)
Cool, sounds good
How was OS? (Or did you not have it yet?)
A cruise?? Damn girl
lol
Okay, well, it seems that you’re supposed to receive a check for $1652.something, and another for $331.46 (IIRC). The check for $1652 is actually supposed to cover the $331.46 as well, from what you’d sent me (Mary Jo’s mistake, I think). If you get both checks, you can cash the $1652 check no problem. Please don’t cash the other one though; still trying to figure out with Mary Jo what to do about that one, because we need that money in our account.
Hey bud, quick question — did you get reimbursed from the Foundation twice for HackBU things?
whatcha doing for spring break
damn
That blows 
Dood 
Will you console my tears 
Fml 447 is at 8am in the fall 
Done
Ack, I'm on it
Lol 
Are we logging SRC dinner 
R u up 
Damn, sorry!
I'm sure you'll do well, though. I have faith in you, you cute pupper you
Hey, how's it going? I'm on my way home now; still need help?
;)
If you'd like a tickle in your day, know that nofap's leadership is freaked out over a hyper militant sect called "Heirs of the Sun"
I was able to work out some of the kinks it's getting kinda cool
Kek okay, I'll let you know
Would bang
How are you studying for OS btw? Book, slides, or just everything?
Lol
Fuck
Wait so are you
He's young
Haha
How late do you plan on being up?
I’ll let you know, though, if some time opens up later tonight if you’d be willing to head up here
Stole your ho?
Haha what did he do to you
Yes
About research etc
LOL is he?
To*
I just preached the word the Simeon
Are you a beast?
Tough
That'll be to
Hmm, fair enough
What was so captivating about it?
Kanad is also a fucking boss don
If you take it seriously yes
And home works suck
I got an A and john didn't lol
In that the exams are hard and projects draining
Unlike the other grad classes
It was like a real class
I took it with kanad
Lmao I'm going to my grandmas house for Easter 
I'm here until 2:50 
4 
Yess
I told him everything was vegetarian 
Ugh make Alex come he's ignoring my texts 
They're gonna have to 
At Christians dillingers party you can scold each and every one of them 
Karlee made those 
How was that cupcake? 
For you yes 
Oreo stuffed chocolate chip cookies, slutty brownies, Rice Krispies, pb balls, funfetti cupcakes, cake balls cannoli cupcakes and more 
I'm here until 1 
Equestrian bake sale in the marketplace plz come! 
I wanna be this guy https://instagram.com/p/BDQiu9SRjX1/
except for me i guess
no one man should have this much power
So, me, in a room, by myself, looking up dank memes… Don’t I already have a PhD in that?
looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool
in other news though this shit is tight
i hope your phone learn to never send to me again thx
top kek, though, it uses jQuery
Obfuscated to shit, but looks like it’s just a simple Javascript file that makes a web request.
So, the zip file just contains a single Javascript file. Looking at it now
lololololololololol
They didn’t actually send it from my address, just spoofed it to look like that. Super easy to do. In an email header, you get to declare what email address is sending the email, so you can literally set that to anything.
lel, it’s not a big deal, just want to see what the spammers sent me
“kill me plz” - citizens using encryption
“lol good one”
In other news, I woke up this morning to an email from itai@itaiferber.net to itai@itaiferber.net, which I did not send.
It had a random .zip file attached, which I’m now going to inspect in a VM. This should be fun…
loooooooooooooool it learned
Couldn't they load the computer with knowledge of 8th grade science?
Never heard of it. A match in what?
gotcha
aren’t you in dp now?
you’re doing DP and networks as B and A rite?
jk, max one from D. but still doesn’t make sense
think i pinned it down. you know the three categories of electives? i’m in a B category rn so dw thinks its done. however, the pdf for degree requirements says at least one from a and b and max one from c. so that doesn’t seem consistent 
no like it’s not listed as a possibility. whatever, mightve already done that category 
at these hoes
smh
shits not on degree works
Your Amex card is no longer valid. They mailed me your new card which is a jet blue MasterCard. I will give it to u when u come down
Today's is Matts 16th birthday.
Chipotle: Reply with ur ZIP CODE to receive alerts. Recurring automated marketing msgs to this number. No purchase necessary. T&Cs: http://chip.tl/privacy
Chipotle: Here it is. Your free chips & guac. Tap here to get your offer: http://chipo.tl/V0Vz2m. Expires 4/10/16 @ 11:59pm EDT. Single use only. 
Unfortunately it didn't help
I was able to find some explain action on what to do to my pi
Yo what's your email
dp is 442 right?
Lmao don't worry about it I totally understand! It was nice to see you anyway!
Ya! I'm going to Chabad for dinner at 5:30 so I might ask you to pick me up from there instead but I'll keep you posted? 
Lol :) 
Hmm ok fine 
Real talk how long  do you think we'll be there for 
Wahhh 
I have sooo much research/prep to do for the interview and I have a test Thursday that I haven't done any of the 8 readings for 
:((( 
I really really really don't want to but I'm so overwhelmed w work 
Ughhh I'm semi considering skipping the SRC dinner tonight ;( 
I've heard overclock before but don't know what to do
Just sifting through forums 
I shall try tonight. I haven't found a tutorial yet but need to look
It's more about understanding the lingo they use in the code, make sure I change the right lines 
I need to give you a call once in off work
The problem is that it lags hard when playing video scenes( on like n64) . The forums say that I want to change refresh rate and over lock it
It's a emulator machine that runs the whole gambit of everything from arcade to PS3 games
I'm working on tuning the program for retro pi, if you've heard of that
Sure
I'm Jason and my code doesn't segfault
What's the difference? That makes it easier for us anyway
since we know where we’re going this summer wanna email eric this weekend
you're the bomb.com
please and thank you <3
behind* 
okie! and I'm taking a bin back, so would you be able to pick me up bring endicott after? 
hmmm should I go to bio on Friday till 1150, or just leave when you're done
when are you leaving Friday?
Okiee
And if so do you know what time you'd leave
Would you be driving back to Bing the Sunday after spring break? 
I have an oddly specific question 
Yo
bitrix24 has an amazing free tier. game changer for hackBU?
Lol it's good I'm sick and not feeling like moving anyways
ya I'm walking to you
what you doin
General coding wise would probably be sufficient, I am lost 
We are going to Coris at 11 for an Easter brunch. Also you got your NY tax return. It's $ 44 . I won't be able to go during the week to deposit. Try to deposit when you are here.
So I'm working with a raspberry pi and was wondering if you had any experience 
6oclock app?
Ya don't hav it
she has to go to UU120 around 330 I think so explain how to get there bc I couldn't lol
by Tully
same
They are in the union if you wanna talk to them
where are you
I gave her your number
no I don't think so
Lemme see
idk his major tho
no yea I def will. her twin plans on coming here too
yea I'm gonna give her yours in case she has any CS questions 
Gina Alexandro from CP is in the accepted students day thing for CS with you rn
When do u leave for the cruise?
Ha. Maybe lady gaga will show up!
 Huh?
Aw, yes I did, thank you!!
do you know what time engineering is
meet you tomorrow
you*
love yo
so we're going back to annies come
yea what is life
gonna be dt soon
we're trapped in a movie theatre
still at twins involved in some schematics a
the squad. your squad too.
Annie Christian bob Dave
he squad
twin still gonna be dt soon
tasting mad salt
K
why so salty?
dills* fills works too
fills?
alright meet up downtown soon?
wtf is going on with you
You can come to Twin Rivers, Annika and I are here now. We're all just chilling
My body needs a break from alcohol anyway
Aka Netflix and chill
Lol sorrrryy I went out three times this week already and I had other important plans for tonightttt 
I'm not going out!
Helllooo
Fair enough
We'll probably be there slightly after 11, Annika needs to make a bank stop
Watch it
I'd recommend bringing your own
I'm sorry you know I would have come!
You're missing champagne and cinnamon rolls 
I was sick :(
❤️
It's a celebration 
Come
Come to Twin at 11 so we can pregame at Alexs, then Dills
I caved, I asked Annika to be sure you were coming with us too
tell meeeee
that last one was Christian
fucking cock sucking bitch nigger
what are you actually doing I'm worried about you 🙄
Parade day was good?
How's it hanging dude
Hey you
I'll be in G7 for most of da night
Lol no I can't I'm sorry!
Also wanna kill the next OS test
Lol everyone wants me to play, I wanna so bad but I felt wrecked last night
I'm tryna stay in and get healthy and study
good
yea duh
weak
annies tonight?
What time is the peer party?
Okay just checking
Wait, no peer thing tonight right?
Haha okay that should work
nd later tonight maybe we can do Nowl or sweet frog or something?
he really needs someone to chat with right now... If you'll be arou
Okay I may need to cancel plans again 🙁 Nick texted me apparently 
Tina Fetten 
SpongeBob + dank meme + Bernie sanders 
https://instagram.com/p/BCOJM77Op75/
Or are you looking craving something in particular
Would u be cool with app?
Idk r u on campus rn?
Where r we eating foods
!*
Fun'
What are you up to today?
Haven't slept well in weeks so that was great... Wanna do dinner instead?
😬
I just woke up
Erik Heyyy
$15 more per month. There's no contract extension. To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing Verizon.
Verizon Msg: You've used all the data in your 6GB plan (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle is $15 per 1GB. Or, increase your plan by 2GB for
Goodnight Erik :)
Wish me luck 😬
Kind of, lol but I should try to sleep too...
I'd recommend it, let me know what it's like lol
Lmao, good point good point 😅
That's dope
Yeah, not many people can say they started their Sunday by getting coffee with a NASA scientist
As it should be :)
Where is it sailing again?
I feel like your cruise will provide a lot of girl opportunities
Mhmm dammit
Lol, so much to choose from
OH I forgot about her!!
Probably your best bet lol
Mhmm, that's tricky
Can you confirm?
Ahhh :(
That dress is perfect on her
Oh damn, she's beautiful
Pics?
Meh, your sheets sound absorbent enough
"3.5 inches ladies, 3.5 "
I'd add that to your Tinder profile
Why do you sleep on your couch?
Sounds like a solid day
Did you go out?
t it done 👍🏼 Matt and I made progress with 350 too
Meh not much..I was up mad late last night finishing algo, but I go
😉
I do have a stuffy nose...I'll see what I can do
Not sure though
Aids, I think
Also sick :(
I can't sleep, I've been trying since 10 I think my body forgot how to
I'm sick and can't sleep what do I do :(
Yes you shall 
And a cat 
Ok we have many beers 
Okay taykos then? 
Dominos soon 
Fuck ya 
alright haha last chance I'm driving back down to Anne's
not gonna be able to drive after that haha
alright I'm driving up to my house quick to pick up beer and coming back here
call me I'm about to go
you fuck answer
pick up yo damn phone I can come pick you up in a little
Also still hungover from last night so I'm taking it easy 
prolly not goin out though sorry
Nah staying in NYC 
I just got here
come watch game at annies
Yes yes we shall
Something really bad happened last night, I'll talk to you about it another time but I'm not going out
Nope
what up
This is good 
Oh this is good 
https://m.facebook.com/events/231347433882067?acontext=%7B%22ref%22%3A3%2C%22action_history%22%3A%22null%22%7D&aref=3
Lame 
Bob and Nate are coming over to watch basketball and eat and beer later if you're free 
It's gonna get started soon 
Alright no one is here yet but come over when you're ready
Slay 
You got it 
Due tonight right?
Oh good man 
Want to go to five guys and hear about this huge bitch 
What are you doing rn
Thanks for coming out last night! I hope your exam wasn't too awful
You are theeeee best❤️😊
Also the guy who made the kitty scratch pole also has a hobbit hole litter box 
 I was looking for a particular 2 chainz meme that I saw once and I came across that 
In toms 
I was with nick
Where did u go
Lmao yes
Hello
He'll
Oksy
My bad. Forgot to tell you 
Wya?
At dills 
Yas!
But 15
I'm done. My word is not reliable. 
Wordddd
But luv you 
So calm down
Dude. Abt to black out 
I'll be at bars later
I'm at the phi sig house rn
Lmao 
Be there in 15
😊😊😊😊
At 11!
Toms!
Yo!
you dirty dog
you know damn well the tracking breaks at afrl ;) 
wow code uglier than a balls sakc
its like many peoples first times
bc i think we should actually do that
tell me if you’re seeing these
after can we stand up and say ok we know that was a lot, more than our usual workshops, if you have any questions feel free to ask one of us
yes pull up a giant text file
holy shit
ugh makes me so mad
literally fuck this
this will scare off underclassmen 
he is not allowed to present again
who the fuck opens with a definition itai would barely use
yo this unambiguously blows already 
that was on point
You're my spirit animal 
Well it was. But I canceled cuz I'm drunk 
Nah I'll be DT all night 
That's my reputation 
Love to hear it 
Hahahahahahahahha 
Perfect 
And it is the best metaphor 
He's missing out 
Yea tell him
Yea life is a cup and alcohol keep filling it 
If I told you I'm about to black out would you say that is rock bottom?
I will!!! 😜
 What the?!?!?!??  That's my boy!!!!!
😘
🔑🔑
Just had a moment of fury Alex had sent me some retarded bullshit and then I realized it was funny and I laughed really hard
You're the best
Perfect!
Yas
Would you by aaaany chance be able to go on a late night wegmans trip ?
What are you up to this fine evening?
I know :( 
Now my cat is all be herself 
Yeah he literally came in and forced me out 
Yeah but I would rather be home ugh 
Nope but then 10 mins later a car drove up and idled in front of my house for another 10 minutes 
I guess so but Christian made me go to his house 
Bc my parents left for the islands 3 hours ago 
Someone rang my doorbell and waiting then banged on the door and I got freaked out 
Ohhh
WHATS BBY
Was also just removed from my house because someone was ringing the doorbell and banging on the door at 9 PM 
I have a huge midterm tomorrow 
And we can go on a date anytime 
Haha lol he knows Christian I think? 
Lmao you saw Mikey? 
And red is goodd or anything 
Lol idk just making sure. You can hang with me and my friends! 
You're really coming! 
where you at
It's not a want it's a need 
comin in a few
Only because it's space
Fine
NO ONE THINKS VIRGINIA IS COOL
AND NOW VIRGINIA
FIRST YOU GO TO BUM FUCK UPSTATE NY
OMG WHY DO YOU BREAK MY HEART
I'm sad we can't brunch
Probably not
Is nasa in the city??
Thank you ma lurve 😊
Do you want to meet in the market place for a little after your meeting? Like an hour tops
Let me know if you received the email with the changes
Ok it's change to the 23, only 90 bucks and no additional points charged
Yeah, it's ok. At least it would give me extra time to make it to work. What about the return flight back to Ny. What time is that?
I checked the points for the flight on the 23rd and it looks like the same amount of points
Sorry.  Ok
It's 90 to change plus a 25 phone fee And additional points to make up the the difference in price. I also checked our points and don't think we will have enough to cover  a difference. 
Ok I'll let u know what I find out
I have to check the fine print but I believe there will be a charge to cancel and rebook. That day was also a lower fare and we had enough points for that flight. 
You achieve that goal
https://www.facebook.com/186251988786/videos/10153999589078787/
YOURE THE BEST EVER
God damnit Rodger
here
or meet me in the lobby near buses?
I'm comin to you
ya
parked in ciw for once lucky as hell
I'm about to walk to my car haha I'm in g7
where you at
do you need to keep studying for 448 or you good to go
I mean sure
I'm about to leave
I prolly will daves in town
come to dinner
lol thanks thanks:) 
Lol I tried. I was gonna be like want me to provide you with a pen. But I thought that would be too far 
Not mine 
prolly not are you coming to dinner with us
😝
Did you say there's a peer party this Saturday?
Ok sounds good
Do you want to meet up tomorrow to start looking seriously at the lab. I've been sick since Saturday otherwise I would have suggested earlier
I look forward to seeing what it is 😬
Haha true we don't lock the doors
How'd you get in? Lol
Lmfao whaaaaat
can i just write an essay about your bod will that count
damn whatcha doing for aesthetics 
Lol
Yup 
Could be fun 
That'd be like literally walk in and 12x slay every day
I feel like I know it already? I'll look and see what's out there 👍 definitely tempting 
Hmm tempting...
Nah 
Also easy class from what I heard, for better or worse 
But* sexier 
You'll be like me BL
Networks will be good
Well, at you can still use the " it isn't brain surgery" line. You can't use the "it isn't rocket science " line because it is.  Also maybe while u are there you can poke around for the classified alien photos and transmissions from the moon landings.
Thanks Erik!!!
😊😊😊
DP if it's offered 
Probably PI
I'd love to take ML but haven't done 447 
Ohh yess 
Smh
Hahaha!!!  I always believed you were. Rocket scientist!!!!!!
$15 more per month. There's no contract extension. To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing Verizon.
Verizon Msg: You've used about 90% of your 6GB data (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle will be $15 per 1GB. Or, increase your data by 2GB for
Watched this three times, she's my newest girl crush: 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=t-vTaktsUSw
Truuuu
I need it
I'm craving spring break
Are you going back to Bing Sunday?
I could be a fun dj for you
Haha yeah I mean I'd rather go Thursday bc I won't be home for long but if she goes to oneonta I have no chcoice 
Ooo coolio my plan right now is to go with Jess on Thursday but there's a chance she's going to oneonta instead so if she does can I go with you???
When are you going home for spring break? Or are you going home
I have a test Wednesday 😥
Lol yay I'm glad it went well!!
So studious of you
How was your party on Saturday? Sorry I missed it I had two birthday parties to go to 😫
How is u
Yes
Hehe
Just an idiot 
Lol actually not drunk
Oops
He'll ooo
Dumb fuck from my hs https://twitter.com/lfriedman33/status/691472785063964672
Rekt 
oh chris mentioned you guys played some pong which reminded me - at some point we have to do that fantasy of us facing jenn and itai at pong
good shit go౦ԁ sHit 👌.
you just made me smile after a long day
wow
would take HRT over citi tho so gotta see about that first
thats where id like to be
i mean nyc i assume
haha thanks
three, four
two million
one million
fuk all u hoes
fuk all you bitches
thanks for all your support bud
awwwwwwweeeeeeee yeaaaaaah
GOT DAT CITI OFFER LETTER
Sure thing!
Need to meet up before HackBU this week, or can we talk then?
Hi Erik. Just turned on my new phone so I'm not sure when you sent this text 
Happy pi day
I hope so
Tis a disaster 
Omg I'm sorry
Specifically Newcomb reading room 
 In library 
Also look how cute we are
It's all good
I value her friendship more than the boy so
It'll be fine
Yeeeaaahhh :(
Yeah I told him I'm not gunna try anything else and that we're gunna go back to being platonic
She just straight up isn't okay with it
It just made me realize I shouldn't
And while she didn't get mad at me like she realized she shouldn't but idk
She got upset bc she saw I was texting him last night
But it's just like bound to happen if I continue to pursue it
No
Whaaaaatever
I'm over it
And idk it's just not worth it
It was intense
Well*
We'll
Bc that shit was deadly
Only vodka?
I'm just not gunna pursue
And not well
What was in that punch
Erik
It was my anthem this weekend lol
I've rediscovered "bandz  a maker dance" didn't realize how genius it was
I'm really grateful
Thank you for being there last night man
Yea
And I was really close yesterday
I will do it if I need to
But I know that's the last thing I want
It's honestly a little blurry
I told her I was hurting a lot and that if she's just going to blatantly disregard me and disrespect me then I can't be her friend any more
But I couldn't do it
I was so set on cutting her out
Thirhse and I talked
Ight
You need any help cleaning up?
look at these texts hahahha
well apparently it was army weird hahaha
Gimme another 2!
There we go, lol yes please
Food*
Oh man, you can't ask a girl to make good decisions
Or just something greasy
I'm actually kinda down for a slice of pizza, I was craving that earlier...
Ugh
I don't remember how much was in it when we got there, but I don't think they would have finished it..
Wait it's empty?! Fuckkk, that was Annika Alex's and mine
Wait, is it still at your place?
Mhmm, solid. No more tequila
Raise your hand if you have a headache 🙋🏻
They're after us. Hide the fascism 
Barely lol
Yes
As if the fucking speed affects the results
Other than clicking some button 
I'm like bruh id like to see you even use a gpua 
Hahahah 
Unreal 
I think about him sometimes 
Remember the little cocksucker who was like "did u train on the gpu 
I'm m coming
solid
❤️
But good night Erik :)
If I didn't have so much to do tomorrow I probably would have crashed, that couch in your front room is mad comfortable
😣
Yeah, we should
That's a very good question
I wish I could say it was
I find it genuinely interesting, but no not my passion
It is not
Also, awesome party, I had fun :)
Maybe it's his hidden passion, you don't know
Just pulled into BU, he's so talkative I'm so annoyed
Just me
He did not find more people
where you at
2 miles
dot worry I'll tell ya
yea it was army weird
I am wasted on my way back where are you
He's trying to find more people
I am!
Just got one
Literally still on Oak, lol gimme a sec
Lol thanks have a fun night 
Just Netflix and chill 
I'm sorry bud I'm not going out tonight 
Coming now!
:(
I'm not home. At a friends house near Johnson city. Too hard for me to get back downtown. 🙁
I'm early but I'm here 
Awesome 
Do you have scissors? 
I know, isn't that what you pay me to do?
I can't promise :(
Jenn's roommate Eliza is having a birthday thing tonight at 9:00 that we're obligated to go to

If we are coming, I'll let you know though!
😊
Okie
What is your address
Okay sounds good 
They're open until 9 so we'll go back before we come over 
We were just there 
They sell them at party city 
What is the likelihood that you get the hater blockers in time 
Caught me slippin at the four way...i always turn right there lol. I'm pumped about this party tonight haven't decided who i'm gonna be but either way I'll be dancing to yeezus
Was wondering if you had my drawstring bag
You on campus?
On our way 
Oh lord 
Ok we're getting he body 
Did you get the boxed blood of Christ? 
Preparing for war 
Hmm...
I think it's ridiculous, and I think it's really, really dangerous. The FBI (and the government) wants to outlaw encryption, and we're fucked if they manage to make it happen.

Like, the day we lose encryption, the day that the world no longer has democracies because we've lost the one most important right we have: the right to privacy. All other human rights are then out the window.

So, this is important.
Breakfast isn't open till 1130 I'm pretty sure
Prolly nothing you would guess I would wear tho 
It's official 
Actually nvm. I know what I'm wearing 
Lol
Not sure what tho 
I'm gonna try to come up with something else to wear 
Also... Prolly not wearing my costume. I realize now that having a real hammer and shit on me while drinking is a hazard to society 
Wow sending such a long comprehensive email for a summer intern is very impressive . I m not sure if you went before but if your close to colonial Williamsburg it's pretty cool. Did you sign the offer letter and send it back? If so don't forget to call JPM.
Ok.
You got 2 checks. I put them in your account. $690- federal tax return, $330- hackbu reimbursement .
FYI it's uncle Alex's bday today
Hmm ok. We can discuss this issue later. It's too early for this shit 
Do you have vodka?
I can do that. No problem
Dude. I'm taking a bottle to the face. I'll get a cheap bottle somewhere 
So looks like I'm drinking wine 
Also Jesus drank wine 
I feel like I'm ready to be Jesus 
I haven't slept like that in forever 
Idk how that happened 
Well...... I tried to take a nap last night around 8. Just woke up
Yesssss 
Sue Leggett saw your Facebook post about NASA. She said one of her former students is going to intern there too. Her name is Erica Lynch.
Okay coming thru Dickinson now!
Ok
When are you gonna be home tonight 
Yas betch
I'm so excited omggggg
I say c4 because I already had chicken bap today and that's basically the only thing I get from the mp lol
Then post c4 work in the mp
How would you feel about doing c4 an hour later? I'm currently at Barnes and nobles with Claire and she really wants to finish her reading before we leave
How would you feel about doing c4 an hour later? I'm currently at Barnes and nobles with Claire and she really wants to finish her reading before we leave
Yugh lol
Are you on campus?
Me and Jenn will take you out for drinks to celebrate
Party hard this weekend at yo party and celebrate
Baii jp Morgan
CONGRATULATIONS!!! Beyond amazing and beyond deserved
1 minute
Saturday.
Lol yeah he was really nice 😬 he said he's going to your party on 
Nice boy
Austin
He can to my suite for a pregame
I met someone from hack BU last night
Means so much
Thanks Erik
I like you Erik
Most definitely. Dont have any internships this summer but i will be going to iceland to study... ROCKS! *gasp*
The one who just walked by. And *internship?
Dont wanna bother you too much while youre working but congrats on the job offer
Hey congrats on that internship man
with the taxes it like 523
if i added another person it cost 399$
well i did myself it said it would cost 758$
Haha no but I need to call them because I need to book a room and sense I'm the only one doing paying for this part my room would cost 750$ instead of $399
Bro that's fantastic. Congrats, that's going to be great 
i don’t have the money now and I’m in class 
Yes because my other plans aren't happening 
Probably
Where will you be for nasa??
It's alright, getting to be a struggle. Just a lot to do 
Ok cool 
630?
Perfect*
That's perfeeeecr
Yes
Lol it's fine
NASA!! Dude that's amazing. Congrats on that
I should I include penis penis penis penis..... 
Haha thanks for the email 
R u still able to do dinner ?
Good
I want you to get your money back; it's a lot...
BTW, Mary Jo told me today that she's got a reimbursement for you to sign that's been sitting around for a while
Next stop is spacex 
OH YEA NASA ERIK YEA
Congrats dude!!!! That's amazing !! 
Bloomberg can suck a 🍆
Wow that's fuckin sweet! Congratulations man, you totally deserve it!
Slash this means you're obvs not doing jp Morgan, right?
Where is it?
Holy shit dude congrats on getting the nasa internship !
Congrats Erik seriously you're killing it.
SO happy for you !
I know :/
Lol I shall, tell yeezus that he need to lower his prices
I can't wait, but I have midterms this weeks so I'm passing on it
Yea man, bars open at noon tomorrow and the parade starts at 1
That actually sounds like the best thing ever. Haha alright have fun my friend. Also, in other news...Oswego is having our first ever parade day tomorrow
Hey Erik, I don't know what you're up to this weekend but id like to cordially invite you to the first ever toga party at 196 w 8th tonight at 10:00pm.
I'm sure it will be super super amazing 
 Ugh it's gonna be amazing. And you'll be working with the smartest people in da world 
Hmm good. Where's the internship? 
Do you gotta do the background check? 
I just wanna come to I can have a beer with you to celebrate 
Will do 
Ooo ok I may be down 
Is that tonight? 
This is soo exciting 
I'm so happy for you congrats!! 
lol! 
NASAAASAS
I'm so happy for you 
Like common 
How did you not tell me 
Dude 
You 
Screw your 
Dude...
Thank you for listening, though :)
I dunno, there's a lot to think about..
 Yeah, this is true
choosing Verizon.
Verizon Msg: You've used about 75% of your 6GB data (cycle ends the 20th). To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for
ou're the issue, you know?
Haha good, I'll take a 4-5.
And I dunno, he'll do something or say something then I'll get mad, then he's mad I'm mad, etc. It just makes you wonder if y
Probably no ones crazy, I think it's just the distance making things hard
Eh, Beau and I have just been bickering a lot lately. I always thought I was easy to get along with..I couldn't figure out if I'm crazy, he's crazy, we're crazy
I dunno, I was feeling a little crazy last night. Just wanted an outside opinion lol
In any way lol
On a scale of 1-10, how crazy am I?
There's hope 
Now there's a better chance that I'll make it 
 Wait I thought the party was tomorrow 
Maybe a miracle will happen doe 
If I can't drink I will most certainly be there dishing out cinnamon rolls 
Pray to yeezus 
I literally had to change my sheets last night because I had a fever coma and sweat through ever scrap of bed linen 
I've been in a lucid state for 24 hours
This is starting to endanger yeezus vs Jesus 
Erik I've only gotten worse 
Awesome 
Hope that's ok
Alright will do. I also invited some chicas
Do you need me to bring anything for the party?
We're moving in 10 days so really everything is about getting out of this shithole and into our nice new place, getting it painted and shelves put up and stuff before we move in, getting new furniture... You know, the boring shit that occupies adulthood
Some language
He's ALL UP IN my damn ribs today. So you know, being a baby which is cool.  
do uk STATA??
SOS
No need to be confused....just butch humor 
He's putting in a good word, of course.   'Cause he knows them so well?!?!???😜
We r both so happy for you!!!!!!!!!!
yes!!!!!!!!  They worked for NASA 
You mean uncle Alex?    Well since we are planning to go to ny in the summer I was thinking we can hang with you on the drive up and down.  P.S.:  Butch is clearing this  Major Nelson, Major Healey and Dr Bellows as we speak. (Google them)
I am so incredibly proud you and so happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Congratulations!!!!!
Congratulations !
Ok. Great for you. Are you going to Mars  ? We have no vacation plans yet...but you may have planted a seed ...we will let you know. 
Airbnb security code: 0454. Use this to finish verification.
Holy cow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Are u going to take it?    
Airbnb security code: 1741. Use this to finish verification.
Wow dude, that is completely great. SO excited for ya, and proud of you!  
That's OK! :)
I was gonna text you tomorrow, that's awesome!!  So you'll be in FL?  Do you know when you go down?  
OH SHIT, YAAAAAAAAAAAAAY!!!!!!!!!!!
Hii are you driving to interviews later? 
Ok let me know.
Wow that's very famous. Did u accept yet?
Are u going to be in the Langley research center?
Is it close to Washington, D.C. ?
When are your start and finish dates?
Wow. Most impressive. Congrats! I'm sure you'll have a *blast* there!
Ok- it doesn't really matter because it is such a resume boost. I'm surprised it wasn't discussed.
Are they giving you free housing?
Not that it matters that much but what's the salary?
Go
To 
Way 
Are the interviews in the ITS?
Halak is out 6-8 weeks. That's at least missing the first round of the playoffs. At least they have Griess who has the best save percentage in the Nhl.
That was a total trap game. The beat Pittsburgh last night and theRangers before that . They were gassed the whole game. At least they got a point.
Yeah, to the worst team in the league. Strome scored late then took a penalty with 3 min left. Toronto pulled their goalie and they scored with a 2 man advantage .
I prefer the VHS tape myself, but to each their own 📼
👗👗👗
Wisdom to live by
Yeah, some girls carry themselves perfectly. I'm jelly
I guess it just depends on the style of dress
Hmm, I check girls out a lot lol I feel like I should have noticed this more
Haha ok I'll keep you posted :) 
Isn't it kinda hard to see a girls butt in a sundress? The skirt part is usually flowy
Yeah lol it's kinda gross
I've never noticed you having an accent
Not really
I didn't know it worked like that
Interesting
No no they're fine. You just can't stay overnight 
I can give you a better idea on Friday? 
No its a fine idea. Just don't have a 100% guarantee of what I'll be doing is all. I usually decide evening of 
But like they were more mad earlier in the semester 
Really mad 
Sometimes I go to Darren but idk. Looks like I'll prob be here 
I should be here? I think 
(Her year in Israel) 
Jen has friends coming from seminary 
OK :) 
Hahaha 
Everything OK? 
This shit don't happen in the winter man 
Life lessons 
Gross 
Face 
Ugh I would have gone to sleep and would have crawled on my fave 
Lol 
I'm taking it outside 
I don't want it on my sheets?????
Idk if it flies??????????
Wtf do I do 
There's a HUGE bug on my bed 
Holy shit 
Shhhh
Probably like 500lbs or so
You mean deadlift? Lol no clue, I haven't tried in forever
I curl 20s now, I can handle myself
👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻
I'm small but I'm scrappy, good luck
That's all 
Well I'm saying that it's a lot harder to travel in the US than in Europe 
Get your life together
That's when 350 lab is, lol
Lol 
Travel options just need to be better 
America is the greatest don't get me wrong 
😑
Meanwhile it's $400 to fly to California for us 
Literally everywhere is between $40 and $200 
Fuckin people who live in Europe 
I have prob stats at 11:40, I have to study beforehand :/
No, not that time of the month
If it didn't close three hours ago I'd consider it lol
So fun!! I wanna go 
Where is your cruise over spring break going? 
I want Chipotle
I'm a bottomless pit
I just had a bowl of oatmeal with craisins but it's not helping
Pretty much
:) 
I'm pro this decision 
Ugh yes 
I mean I'm only going for 2 weeks 
I'm so hungryyyyy
The whole trip is probably going to come to like $2k
Lol, I like your (tm)
But like fuck it 
Honestly it's costing a shit ton of money that I really shouldn't be spending 
Hahaha it's my dream!! 
We're gonna book Amsterdam stuff over the next few days 
Booked train and airbnb for Paris :) 
OK I'll talk to David tomorrow 
Lol 
I'll talk to him about it 
Haha 
Do you know if Jordan or John are going? 
But I will def try! If I'm going dt anyway then yes for sho
I have no idea what I'm doing Saturday night lol
That's fair
So if she's not about it, she's not the one?
😬😬😬
Hahaha 
Only now??? Oh Geez 
Also, a cat ran by my parked car tonight. I wanted to scoop him for you but he was too fast :/
😝
Even though the vodka will be pineapple flavored, I am very excited
I gotta get over there
Oh yeah that's right, you were talking about $1 drinks last week
You did wine Wednesday I'm assuming?
Haha good for her, she deserves a break
Helloooo
Almost there 
Ome
Yea I got you 
Yea.. I gave in
Toms around 9:45-10
Was just gonna text you 
:) lol I'm back hii 
What you want me for 
How did you escape the plague? 
My fever just struck again 
Jets got Matt Forte.
Got it
Oh god where is Watson advising
Wait is Watson advising same thing as CS advising
Gonna attempt soon
I'll prob get lost 😞
Omg I'll come!!!!
Oh you're working or sitting and waiting
Jenn getting to campus at 3:40 but I am getting there 3:25. The DTRUGGLE
Ugh that's not fun
R U SOMEWHERE I CAN BOTHER U FOR 15 mins
ERIK
Come thruuuuu
Market place!
In a good way. You are amaze
Omg Erik I'm doneeeee
Ahhh going to check rn
Send a pic !!!
I'm real pissed I didn't see u on parade day. Charlie told me
U were in full leprechaun attire
Ugh right! Glad you are
Happy
Just sat w math club Erik in the marketplace for like 2 hrs just talking. So funny
Not too impt just a screenshot of jenns text from when she saw u
Yes I did 😔
Damn 
OS kernel, linear algebra kernel, SVM kernel, graphics/opencl kernel 
Ok srsly whenever next week bc going home this weekend
Yea same 
also svm, I was thinking about how many uses the word kernel has 
Well masters maybe 
Hahaha 
Hang omg I can't type
Wtf Erik why don't we hand
Yes she said it was amazing
Speaking of SVM I'm excited to email eric 
Good man
U better be slaying noobs 
Sounds fun honestly 
Coooool 
I'm so ducking jealous all my friends get to see u but I never do i.e. Charlie and Jenn
Stahhp
Plse don't ignore future waves 😩
I'm so sorry
Omg I'm crying I feel so bad
OMG WHEN WHERE
Yo how's data mining these days?
Bardock Obama. He's fucking hilarious haha
No problem man. I got your back....or something else..
Yes we definitely should :) 
Unfortunately 
Hahaha maybe. Prolly not 
damn, right, i forgot
*bb
Sweet, ty be
I'll take a look. Just trying to figure out what happened to all our $$$$$$$
Yoooo
Hey Erik, Chris and I are going through some budgeting stuff to figure out why we have so little leftover money. Just wanted to know, since you got reimbursed for ~$2,000, what did you end up paying for? Did you pay for any big meals?
Mhmm, maybe a little...I would just say something like you understand and hope she enjoys her weekend home
Nicely done. Helen is asking me if your friends that are coming over will need to eat / take showers etc.
GEICO Policy: Your payment of $106.37 for policy ending in 7488 will be billed to the credit/debit card ending in 6131 on 03/13. Reply STOP to end texts.
Guys and sundresses, lol
Yes, you did, I like it :) let me know what she says!
Nice :)
That will work!!!!
It's free pancake day at ihop tomorrow. I'll be there at 8am. Text me if you would like to join
This is so cute, yes 2pm sounds fine
Is this how rappers write their songs?
Lol what does that mean?
I dunno about bringing in politics, you were planning on saying something about your night then asking her about dinner right?
This is adorable
Breathe
I think mine were better, though
Wow, I forgot about emojis
Yeah I'd be surprised if girls didn't start wearing them, I was thinking about it for Wednesday its supposed to be like 70
😥😥😥😥😥
I will, I have two in my backpack
That's another thing, "pine" apple. Like fuck off, be original
It's too sweet, the texture of the fruit itself is weird, I dunno it's just kinda funky
I wish I could say the same
Soak in berries? Or peaches 😋
I don't like pineapple
No wait don't do that
She's most likely going to the track formal that night anyway
I don't know her like that lol
I'm trying to read for OS rn and I wanna kill myself. How do I stay motivated?
Not sure though
I think I'm pregaming with Annika and Alex, then we're heading over
Yes, I'm excited
If it comes up naturally in conversation then yeah
I think most people see NASA as pretty cool, I don't think it would hurt your cause
Lol yes, #firstworldproblems
I guess my point is to just keeping reaching out, it's not easy but everything is a matter of time :)
Eventually, yeah, from throwing applications wherever I could
My solution is to cast as wide a net as possible
That's how I feel about trying to get an internship/job
❤️❤️❤️
it's her loss. At least you gave it a shot
 have seen it yet. and even if she did and doesn't plan to respond 
Oh shush before I slap you 👿 she doesn't think that, she might not
Ok great. Let me know. Are your friends coming over Easter Sunday? What time?
Can you see if she checked the message?
Maybe you can try to tell them you are a full time student in Binghamton.
It's in Nassau county.
You got called for jury duty the week of March 28. You have to call 1-800-449-2819 or go to  www.nyjuror.gov. You can request a postponement up to 6 months. Think of a good week you can make it this summer. Your juror number is 303022565. Do it ASAP.
Oh I see your point, that's an awesome location
Did they ask you technical questions?
Their headquartered in DC, I wasn't sure
Oh really?! That's incredible :D where would you be working exactly?
Im sure she'll check FB later
That's knot a good idea
Everything will be okay
She could still be in class, or maybe she doesn't have messenger like me
No, not yet.
Ty
Ok great thank u
Yes every month $15
Question?  Did u sign up for audible in Amazon 
Oh hell yeah!! 
Got your flight info. Kickass!
U r all set to jet!!!
Double awesome! Thank you! Cant wait to see you dude. We booked our tickets. 
Ok I will book without
But I can book it with it or with out.  You can also pay at the airport if you choose to check one
It costs 25
Found flights on the 21 and 29. We had enough points for round trip
Will u be checking a bag
Excellent!!!! Keeping fingers and toes crossed.  
Ok how did the interview go
Literally unreal 
Ok great thank you
Just introducing him to me and then we can communicate from there, if that's ok with you?
Or better yet, send me an intro email and cc him
Awesome. Yes, please. Thanks.
And you don't need justification! If you think someone is pretty, then she's pretty
Lol I was stanky I had to shower
Ah gotcha, and not yet but I will lol don't you worry
What year is she?
Yeah that's a good point, bringing up the dinner question earlier is probably best. Then she knows what's up
I'd open with the first question, maybe bring up the fries after a few back and forths if it flows
"Hey, how was the rest of your weekend?" Or maybe ask her more about her internship, how she got it, something like that
I'm not sure when, maybe tomorrow?
If you're interested yeah I don't see why not, I assume Christian doesn't mind or anything
Yeah definitely message her and see what happens
Good for you :)
Lol, KPMG turned you on - that's pretty cool of her, though, it sounds like she has her life together
Where'd you meet her?
That sounds perfect to me. For small talk maybe ask her how the rest of her night went, etc, then lead into that. It's straightforward, I like it
What's up buttercup?
Sounds gucci 
Just so you can find her 
Lol I have 0 clue homie. Pretty sure single tho
Also breathalyzer for the cruise is necessary 
I appreciate that. But I'm only human 
Dude I pounded 3 bottles of champagne before 10:30 AM
I am so far from being at that point. 
Like I would rather walk on a pile of broken glass than endure this 
It's so bad. 
I seriously feel horrible 
Eh maybe 
I need a week of soberness 
But that blows my mind. Don't remember that at all
Yea she's pretty cool
I used 1.5 liter bottle.  Let it sit at room temp while it steeps
Also would like to create a login for clients and link a drop box account to it, if possible
It's a business site. Would need basic menu, graphic design, and responsive media player or way to embed links that are responsive. 
But don't remember her being with us tbh
Just cut up pineapple and vodka. Need to let it steep in the vodka for 7 days
Finance major
She's a sophomore 
Hahahaha yea I know her
Let me know if anyone is interested. Thanks
I got 500 bucks to spend
Yes paid for sure
Hey forgot to ask you on the phone before...do you know anyone who can help me make a website? And who also knows graphic design?
But count me out. I have free food here lol
 Haha just woke up from a nap 
Lol you're the best too 
😼😼😼
My session ended ealry
My session ended ealry
Hey you got a minute?
I'm taking that line
https://i.imgur.com/1vLds7p.gif
You also probably don't remember taking that pic
You looked perfect in every way
Great times
Yesterday was a lot of fun
I'm great
So happy for ya
Oh you didn't get the picture
You couldn't beat the game yesterday
How are you feeling today
Does that excite you
I'm gonna explode poop
Delicious im gonna explode
Weird
You're being weird
We're gonna help clean up Caros apartment and then we're gonna head back I have a midterm tomorrow
Are you hitting on me
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Haha not a problem bro
Yes you did!
😂😂😂
Okie dokie
Okay thank you
Well get Julia
Just come get Joni then
We still can't fit her even if she takes the bus
Herself
Erik she's not gonna take the bus by heralded
If it's a problem then get Joni and then we'll get Julia
Is that a problem?
And we can't fit her in Chrissy's car
Because Julia wants to come?
Can you get Julia
I was thinking 11
Crackle barrel?
Like an ass pimple 
We should do breakfast Jinju hungry
It's only an hour and a half out of their way
From here to Siena is two and a half hours
Yet
I'm leaving with Chrissy. Idk get
Emily is leaving with the Christels
Are the boys all awake? When are they planning on leaving
They're good
I'm feeling good how abour you
Good morning
Okay
We are going to get food
EtA  6 min
On our way
Oh our s war
Here
Whats your adress
Where you at
I was on state, I'm heading away now
We are headed to the venue
Are you at the bars?
Thanks chief
Text me if you go home and I'll meet you
Hi
So the squad splits?
I mean twin..?
You guys still at udc?
Hb pasquerella
Is it ok if she comes?
I have Rachael Martines with me btw
Been here for half an hour
On line for the bus
Yea
Message me tho 
Prolly will be here 
Ya
Not sure. They said they are going out at 11
Ok swag. No new friends here. I think the girls are getting ready
Right
Can you bring ginger ale
Headed to pims 
Swag
Not much good here
Waiting for alex 
Wait 10 min or so
Yup yup
Can I get you anything
Love you too buddy
Yea sounds about right 
Where is everybody else?
Tru
Heading to Pims 
Slash should I text caro?
Cool beans, do uk a time?
Is there s possibility I could join or nah?
Mkay
Anywhere special?
Just heard a crow, swear it sounds like metro boomin
Any plans for tonight?
JTS!
At porter potties
Dude dead
Hi sexy where are you? 
R u guys at the bar still
is the shot thing a thing?
Dills 
Ok I'll be around after 6p tomorrow. Enjoy your day
Are those dates good with you?
Hey I'm gonna book the tickets to Florida this weekend. We're going sat to sun, May 21 to May 29. 
Where'd you go
Dills
Wya
Meet downtown 
😯😊
everything is cash only today so we'll see what we can do
I meant you'll need to pay cover charge
idk man she just got here
no Alicia 😭
I wish
5$ cover
at dills now come through
at toms
zello*
yo where yo at dog Zella
Toms
Ya
what's your status guy
Ok 
No cover 
Come 
Toms
Lol wait how'd you get my number
Da cap lok
Lol im guessing Erik at parade day 
Wait which Erik
Hiyah 
you gotta elaborate when we meet up
go home you're drunk
Deal
You fuck face
Correct
If Erik's kinda drunk, he'll love us more :)
I love you more
Please?? We love youuuu
Hey, could you do us a favor? Could you guys stop in a convenience store and get diet coke on the way here? Jinju and I need some! 
Check snap 
Fuck off. I'm awake. Bitch. 
Hahahaha got the same cab driver tonight 
Just reported a cab
Dude I'm so drunk 
😊😊😊😊😊😊
Im gunna see where the wind takes me tomorrow
Uhhhhh
You should join me at the colonial
Okie
Yes wait for us Bc we are here
Yup we're just picking up my shirt from her friend Kelsey
Ten minutes nugget
Maybe bars definitely colonial to get wings
Then pikappa
I'm going to watch the parade obviously
Hahaha damn straight I do
Fantastic
I tried to continue it I failed
Idk caro said those were the lyrics
It's wheezy f baby
Hellohellohellohello
I'll text you when we are
We're not home!
Got it?
We have to have to have to make sure that we see each other tomorrow
You!
Hey!
Gucci
U good
Hope u have a great time this weekend. Stay safe.  Love u
was driving I'm walking in in a minute
I'll head over if you're there
to advising. where are you leroys? I'm
on the way
word yea I'm down. you wanna hang later or you busy
ikram is in town for parade day weekend
also Christian and co is doing the old Union hotel for beer and wings later
sorry at work at SOM
down
Not too sure... Probs can't park over night but maybe during the day?
Maybe try and church across from my street? 
I would love to help you out but I we don't have any extra spots:/ but the parking in front of my house is not usually too bad
Fuck yea jash 
Okie dokie
Yes sir!! Okie thanks nug, want anything from wegmans?
I also need your address love are you home?
Ok sounds good
How far are you from Carolyn's nugget?
I'll double check the company name.
Something like"toner inc".
Did u apply for the other citi job? You got a package in the mail.
Don't worry about it 
Thanks! 
Righteous
You
-> do drugs
I just took a drug test
I'm entering my most virile years so don't fuck with me
http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/03/02/468887190/u-s-announces-hack-the-pentagon-bug-bounty-program
well at least I'm half black
nope just got home
We're 1 min away 
Getting picked up now 
Yeah sure 
Ugh just waiting on the hater blockers 
What's the dealio tonight? 
❤️❤️❤️
you've seen night at the Roxbury? 
YES 
No....
Do you have another lame stats test? 
AAAGAKFMFNKDOEKWOSNDIW 
Good 
She had awful form 
I saw surfer girl running
Nah and I'm getting an 8:30 bus so not positive
What's good Eric got to the room before nick so I left the Taco Bell on his desk....jus letting uk it's in the room secured 
I will def give him some hell 
Thanks chief
True true.
I completely forgot that Mallon goes to old westbury now. Should I ask him to parade day with us
I have a question
Hey chief
So just let me know whenever you come!
I'm heading home now 
I'll txt you as soon as I get home 
Perf!!! Thanks 
I just have to be on campus by 1:15 for my test 
That would be Perf! I'm going to the store with Jake right now but it'll be quick 
Don't care
Okay!!! Thanks homie 
I own that now
I really hope so!!
Lol, I'm not
Ok well I'll check in with you next week to hear how it went, that's my "if I was a genius" dream job too 
HOLY SHIT THAT'S BAD ASS!!
How have you been other than party planning?  
Haha!  He's actually great, he's such a fucking dad it's ridiculous
I'm due June 21st so it can be any time in the month around that
Yeah, I eat 6 full meals a day and sleep 15 hours so things are the same basically lol
OH, this is a totally random thought and it's not pressuring in one way or the other, but when I go to the hospital I realize your Mom and Tony won't be there but if you're in town and up for it, we'd love to see you there too.  NO PRESSURE THOUGH, don't be planning life around it
Not yet! We're not gonna announce it til he's here, people get all weird about names and once he's named, homie's named ya know.  
Making sure you are hosting half of cp for parade day
Hahaha, FOR REAL.  We even have a patio, we'll be on the first floor of a building so I can just hang out there on a rocking chair and yell at the kids in the park across the street
Wanted to check in see how it's hanging
Yea I did!
Erik! What's up?
looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool
What is that from?
I'll just text ya when I'm done and see where you're at
So you're not coming to campus at 1?
It's going!  I'm 6 months now, big ol' belly.  We're moving to Jersey in 3 weeks so you know, really accepting the adultness
bruh don’t let your memes be dreams
of course
I can get the shirts from you before my 1:15 or right after my test
What time do you have class? 
borderline speechless 
Maybe I'm into that
Lol, I wouldn't want you to get hurt
I had to drive back though, I couldn't really drink much :/ campus problems
Oh damn, that's incredible..
What are you doing in Dills? Lol isn't it like dead?
Themes are hard 
They should!! Thank u mucho 
Jess requested a light color 
Can you bring the pink and the blue stripes !! 
Lmao I feel like an artist 
Got any stripes???
Light colors??? 
Lol omg so many choices!!! 
Jess might wanna borrow one too if you're ok with that lol
What colors do u have 
It's for a mixer tomorrow night! So I can get it from you after my test tomorrow 
When will you be on campus? 
YAY thanks 
Do I have a dress shirt I could borrow tomorrow???
Hiiiiii
Colonial 
lol 
I'm assuming you'll be at wine night? 
Erik!
What time does wine night start?
That's sounds good too. Did u ever interview with NASA?
and its only an hour and ten minute drive
I’m not sure we’re planning to leave in the morning
and my big is the pledge master and i would feel bad missing
yeah i have a night with the pledges specifically for the juniors on thursday night
❤️
It's gonna be so late I'm not gonna wanna stop lol
You'll see me this weekend!
I'm going straight to Syracuse from work today
😌
Do you live under a rock?
Quesalupa??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWX4GUYGQXQ
So like, Taco Bell tonight?
Terrific. Have a great time. 
It should ok if you guys don't mind leaving the house before 4:30 in the morning.
I didn't take off the 28th but if your flight is at 6 , if I drop u guys off at 5 it would be plenty of time for me to come home and go to work- it is LGA?
Ok, I'm not sure where they are going to sleep. So you are coming down 3/27 and leaving the next morning? When are u coming back from the cruise and when are u going back to school?
Theoretically yes, but it depends when it is
Oh is that a real thing now? When is it?
Lol what?
You wanna get Taco Bell?
oh damn. that's quite the work load lmfao hope you do get the job 
LOL
IKR that was a funny one too these sound like freaking lil Wayne lyrics 
Times like this I wish I had a car lol 
Dats okie thanks anyway homie 
I can try to go tomorrow I guess but I can't wait much longer so I'm freaking out lol 
Hahah you amazon fiend you 
I really need to pick a prescription from target lol and no one can drive me 
What are you doing rn 
We have a kappa sig 4way mixer too so there's options 
Hehe yolo 
Idk how we ended up there last year because their party was invite only but we crashed their mixer 
Are they having a party 
Lol ok
I'll be there in spirit cuz where the Lord is at I'll be at
personal favorite quote: "the only thing I pray is that my liver don't fail me now"
Omg awesome
Yeeeeeeeees!!!!
 Cool I saw a few robotics things so I'm definitely going to apply to as many as possible
Awesome thanks
Cool thanks. Is the deadline midnight tonight or tomorrow?
And make sure no one shows up in black face!! Lol, I've seen too many dumb college party pics so I'm all paranoid 
Okay..I was gonna tell you I haven't looked at it yet anyway
Let me know if it works after you get your letter
Yeah I'm about to leave though
Snag some 99 cent store beards and sunglasses too if you can
Hahaha, that's really fun!! What does Kanye drink? 
Sent 
Just got home from an Oscar party and getting into bed but text me your thoughts and I'll text you during breaks tomorrow!
Lol I really don't know what we were talking about 
Where you at
Here
Almost there 
Ok
Same 
We can meet there 
Did Christian ever follow up on suing that security guy?
Anybody who wants nips lol
Training did go well!
Omg
That is amazing
She has work and stuff to do. She's coming over at9 tho
Annie can't go tho 
Tru. Let's do it
Hahaha damn that's awesome
But let's book it all at 9pm
I'm still in bed 
Idk if my body can handle it 
How was your weekend?
I'm feelin' it! I never really of him before, but I'm sure that's no surprise to you
Exactly but the way they are playing now I'm not sure I want them to make a move. The rumor is that they are going to get some mediocre depth so when the caps keeping taking out their players in the playoffs they don't have to  use complete rookies again.
Good times
Went to training
Woke up drunk
So drunk
I got very drunk
Looooots of fun
Yes
loooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
ugh erik I'm not coming to your party any more
find someone else to bring the crucifixes
Erik you're a fucking madman and I love it
what local church groups are invited and are you going to have popcorn machines for the spectators?
Reddit, and, Reddit ;)
Then I went to the rat
I was at toms till like 2 last night
just saw this now hahahahaha
Rangers got Eric Staal for draft picks and a prospect. Nhl trading deadline is Monday at 3pm.
Just a couple of vodkas and like 4 of joni's unfinished Malibu bottles hahaha
I'm going through all of our old bottles to see what's actually worth bringing up lol I've got a bunch different half finished bottles of stuff
He says thanks but don't worry about it, I'll bring it up for you
Ok I'll see
It's Seagram's, I honestly don't know if he would or not
ime we're home?
Hey you have like almost a whole bottle of gin at my house, I'm packing up for parade day, do you want me to bring it up or just leave it here for next t
College. It's because we changed the exemptions on your pay checks.
You are getting $700 as your tax return refund.
Courting le Asians 
Hahahha
Good night Erik :) 
Hahaha 
I was for a while!! I'm at Darren's now though :( 
Same I'm very drunk
That makes zero sense
This sucks
Ily
Well
You're actually 21
Why?
where are you
What
Come thru!
Rat*
Ray
About to go to the rag
Yas!!
Hey what's up man
That was the million dollar question, lol no clue
3-4 weeks ago, I have a new one now
YOU BETTER NOT SUCK
GREATTT
https://www.facebook.com/BuzzFeed/posts/10154373500730329
I have klines beer tell him please
comin
Just gets better and better 
Dood 
Don't even get it and it's still funny 
Oh this is great 
I will be there
I think so
aight i’m lookin forward
nah jk i’d be surprised if i get it. sounds like this is more serious 
by fucking them too hard
hope i don’t do anything against my beliefs - wouldn’t want to loose my virginity to citi
aight
what are super days?
haha i appreciate it
Calling interviewers retarded may be a good strategy 
Guck
It's Friday
Stuff
You going to toms
I was just in Texas 
#spotgainz
What pic
What are you doing tonight
Still take me plz
Really?
so then are you coming haha
5-10 minutes from you
use maps it's on penn ave close to my house
sorry
what's the difference haha
drive here
we just got to nips
how the fuck are you already there
finished shooting heading over there now
wanna come get food and beer at nips?
C u l8r allig8r
Believe me they're convincing 
🤗
This much 
Because it'll just take an hour you can scoop me and we can go
Or like 4
And it takes like an hour and ten to get here
The line will be out the door
Like on a Saturday, it's game night
For Dino we should get there at 5:30
I may start to cry not gonna lie
My two favorite people in my favorite place
!!!!!!!
Thanks bby
Then caro and I can plan something another time
It's up to you my king
Hehehehe do you not want to
Please? 😛
Guess who's coming to Syracuse with you tomorrow 😁😁😁😁
Would it be okay if caro came with you??
Excited to see you tomorrow!!
Hi honey
Hello
Strong possibility lol
We're taking Sofia out to dinner for her bday, I assume drinking afterwards at Annika's maybe but not completely sure
Okay
Have you been getting paid for peer advising? Like is money showing up in your account?
You call me?
You're gonna need to take a personal day on Monday
We're gonna play so fucking hard next weekend
MISS YOU
Just lmk where to be
I hav all my shot
Thanks 😘
Do you wanna take me with you or come back?
Yeah
What do you mean
Yeah
Yo
I hate computers 
I have nothing fun to hack nothing to offer 
WHY DO THEY ALWAYS SEND ME THESE
Lol
This is fake right? 
YASSSSS
Remember a calculator por favor! 😬
Yeah we're in a cab now
anytime muchacho
Thank you for coming tonight 😊
Enjoy
We got pizza
Lmfao!
We're in Pasquale's
You alive?
It's grey leather one
Can you grab her jacket from the table before you leave?
We're good
Claire's gone
Meet outside dills 
Coming now!
Yay
Did you drive
Where you park
Or behind
So the one closest to app ?
What
Front door side door?
Lmk when you're here
😬
Yay
Wya
Yooooo
if i encountered you in work life id avoid you and avoid confrontation 
the kind of guy i wouldn’t want to mess with
i like the sweater, u look good tonight
its whatever
next week
don’t worry
need shirts
Do you have Gus???
YO
That sounds cool.
Ok , it sounds good. Where would it be?
boooooooooooooooooooooo
game is at 2
tailgate is at 10:30
caro really wants to come to a tailgate/game
would you wanna come to that with caro?
we have a tailgate for the last home basketball game on saturday
sooooo like i mentioned last night
hi
Haha I mean it never occurred to me. I don't have any religious friends I don't think 
Well that's a buzz kill 
:( 
I'll listen to Kanye all day and we can reconvene 
It's the body and blood of Christ 
Wait 
That's the stuff of legend 
There's nothing I can do to improve that 
Oh...
Ugh Google won't let me open the doc
you slut
are you wine drunk
damnnnnn girl
lol
why hmmm?
we should go at like 5:30?
and especially on a saturday all of the restaurants downtown are packed
for dinosaur bbq the line is always so long
Treat yo self
It's your night
Whatever you want bby
If that's okay with you??
So I can't bar sorry boo
I lost mine
I don't have an ID
And then I'm free as a birdddddd
I have a tailgate early in the day
Around what time?
Yes yes
Do you still wanna come for dinner on Saturday?
Nah, I just need something for prob stats.  As long as it has a sqrt root button I'm happy
After OS on Friday, would I be able to borrow a calculator from you?
Here 
On my way! 
I can't, I wish :/
I feel a lot better now just don't want to have an episode at the bar you know lol
It was really bad early this afternoon but I couldn't take my meds bc I had a test 
Yeah I'm okay it's just some days are worse than others 
I'm down 
I wish I could 😕 I had a bad anxiety day so I don't think it's a good idea for me to be drinking 
Are you?
No 😔
I will 
Just got out of class so I have to change and run and check on the dog I'm watching so I can get you at 9:30 
Sure I can pick you up 
Ok I can't get super drunk bc I have to drive home at midnight but I'm down for anything 
Idk Christian is sleeping 
Sup
You in the mp?
Thank you!!! 😄 
Haha okay :) 
Yooo 
Toooo 
Plus these athletes like Marionand Schilling go broke by making  these type of investments
If he has to sell his gold medal after a very long successful career as a pro athlete to raise 35k he probably isn't that good with money and probably doesn't have much left.
He better save his money
Tru
Going hard
Next week tho
Nah I can't because this week is hell. Have to run through a presentation and make sure I don't get sick
Yeah this shit is confusing. None of us are in the loop at any point
I think it opens for everyone at some point in march
That was for regular nyu stufents
Yet
Same but I don't think class registration opens
Sounds good. I'm going to do that too but I'm not sure when registration opens
Okayyy 
Where u at 
Haha ok :) 
Are you gonna be working till then? 
Youre free until 4:30 you said right? 
I'm not sure :( 
Hmm okay 
I went to sleep so late last night for no reason lol 
I'm sorry! Are you in the marketplace? 
Erik I overslept!!
True it is
Perf just lmk 
I can talk like now before shift or in like 4 hours 
When's a good time??
Lol yes obvs 
You mean like navigating the website ??
Just let me know how I can help 
Lol obvs 
Yes we is
If I think anyone, I will for sure
I mean yeah no that I totally understand
Haha
Oh I thought you said can't go
Why?
Okie dokes
But if you'll be doing work from 8- on I can just join you then bc I'm holding a review session till then
And by 8 I mean 9 because that's when Nowl opens lol
I can food either early (like 5) or late (like 8)
Everyone is doing palladium
Palladium
I'm sure we'll hang this summer though it's gonna be a fun time
Hey man sorry I missed your first message...we already filled it with one of Sam's friends
#Goals
How do you have the time?
I haven't watched that in forever
Damn, that's incredible
That's really cool. Glad you enjoyed it
How was the Lil Wayne concert?
Nah, go fucking demolish this nap. I just mentioned she’d be in the office today, but I think it was Alex who said he was going to go give her stuff.
Did you schedule something with her? I don’t have stuff ready to go for prizes (still waiting on responses from students), nor do we have the money yet, so I don’t have anything I need from her yet.
Thanks 😊
👍🏼
How'd it go 
Are you guys gonna join next week too? 
:( 
Didn't hear on a preference from Ivan 
Lisa Simeon and Beth have told me they prefer next week 
...then take another swig
When you go to take a refreshing sip from your water bottle and discover it's actually vodka...
Fox terrier..  Taco terrier
Idk but the vga won't hook up to it 
No I have a Mac so he would have to use mine 
Literally owe u my life 
Okay so he can use ur computer ? 
Or do u need something bc otherwise I gotta go get a Mac adapter 
So like u don't need anything ? 
It's a vga does ur hook up to that 
Okay I will go get one then 
Can biddle u use ur computer 
Biddle
Hii do u have mc adapter or Can u hook up ur laptop for idle 
Ya I did, encouraged attendance for both but two have said they have a lot of work this week and would prefer next Monday 
So if you wanna come to that too feel free :) 
Also, told my ResCons they can either come to your meeting tonight and we'll do another new week and they can either pick one or come to both 
I'll take the 1:07 bus from Hayes so I'll be there like 1:15-1:20ish
Haha okay okay 
Wanna meet at c4 at 1?
That sounds gud
Lol 
Alllllll day 
Ahh yes, are you free Wednesday during the day perhaps to franship?
Is your team coming tonight as well? 
After tomorrow I have all the time to franship :) 
But yas 
The only thing I really wanted to talk to them about was making sure they put things into magic on time bc otherwise Rick forwards it to me 
Lol! 
You got this? Or should I reschedule to next Monday 
Also there's no way I can make the meeting tonight ;( 
Talk about your dog! 
Umm 
Hahahah 
But asides that there are so many talented comedians that it's hard to name a shortlist
So writing wise probably him
And he writes on Workaholics and the Grinder
Well there's this guy Sean Clements who does a podcast that's super funny
My goal is to write on a tv show
Definitely want to write
Well I want to do comedy after I graduate so I concentrate on that a lot
Yeah I walked out during the middle of the midterm 
Calc 2
i hope u know that u sexy and you do really well 
CS*
I used to do CA
Are you a CS person
So what's up?
Yeah
Love making new friends
Yes very happy
Then 2 chainz after that 
I'm not a fan of future
No....
Haha okay
Maybe ask her something about dogs? Idk, people on Tinder are hard to read :/
Lol, to be fair you do have a picture of a dog in your pro pic. Maybe she really doesn't like connect4
I don't blame her, mornings suck. Also, who doesn't like connect4? Smh
Oh I forgot, maybe ask her if one of her friends goes to OCC and can get you a ticket for $25
Lol, perfect ✌🏻️
 think
t OCC Thursday April 21st, tickets are $65 and go on sale March 4 I
t firsthand. But yes, Beau just told me late last night! He'll be a
Ugh, I was gunna tell you in OS so I could see the "😧😝" excitemen
I'll updoot
Lel, crop & post (y)
Lololololol
Can you hide the keyboard? What was the message above the Connect 4 board?
Too much of the day will be spent in the bars to risk that 
Not a chance 
Yeah a few weeks ago 
She doesn't have a fake 
Except I'm v worried about Jinju 
So much 
If not we'll figure something out 
I'm gonna ask around and see if anyone has an old ID he can use
I'm just thinking logically since you know drunk girls in the cold hate walking and that whole bridge thing last year 
I mean you can if you want but if we're going to the bars at night the girls will probably just stay here to pregame since it's closer 
Ummm I mean that's your call but it's tough to plan those things out ahead bc for example you guys didn't even make it out at night last time lol
As in like Saturday night?
Ok I feel better now 
Please don't wear a leprechaun costume 
Lol what are you wearing 
Haha I'm sure we'll invite some phi sig girls but jess' friends from home are also visiting and my other two roommates will probably invite all their friends too so it's likely going to be a very full house as it is 
I texted sad things to them bc ur working the angry angle I figured I'd work the dissapointed angle 
THEYRE MISSING MY FAVORITE DAY OF THE CALENDAR YEAR 
WHAT IS WRONG WITH EVERYONE
It's big little reveal for her  sorority 
Everyone sucks 
No she sucks too 
Honestly I don't think I can. I'm sorry man
Pals in Hawley might be throwing a big party but I'd kinda rather do the morning here and maybe go there for round 2 
I think we're just gonna have a big pregame in twin too bc it's close but if the plans change I'll let you know 
Lol yes? If that's what you're referring to 
The only one who hasn't told me yet one way or the other is Sarah but I know it's not her type of scene so we'll see if she decides to come 
Jinju Chrissy Emily Joni are the only confirmed ones 
what about logrosso 
WHY THE FUCK ISNT ADAM COMING IM SO MAD AT HIM
Which of the boys are coming for parade day?
From the 50x50 pixel image off a screen shot off your phone she looks pretty, I guess I could be wrong lol idk
Lmao, nice, giving her something to respond to. She's pretty too! Is this tinder?
What if there are no slutty Devils?
No promises, but sure go ahead
Lmk if you're doing work on campus
Okie dokey
Eriiiikkkkk
Lmk
Actually if you're on campus I can do c4 within the hour
I just came in, be right there
Pal*
I don't have time today for dinner sorry ol
I'm gonna squeeze you so hard!!
That sounds dope
I WOULD BE SO HAPPY IF YOU DID THAT
Ah sorry  I totally didn't see you 
Sure, see you there!
Yeah that sounds great. Where do you want to meet up?
Actually I have some laundry to do, I'll check back in with you in an hour and a half or so
Oh! Uh, this is Cory Bremer by the way probably should have mentioned that already
Are you good now? I'm pretty good for the rest of the day
All good
I got t 
Can you get Christians coat? 
Ok he faked me out 
He just got yelled at and went to go fight the guy 
Where was Rae sremmurd playing?
Fuck that Louisiana nigga
I made some wheeling dealing trades in nhl
Text me a time that's best for you and we'll make it happen
Yes
Oh sick enjoy talk later
ring. I will pay.
Hey bud. Still haven't booked Florida yet but will soon. I need a new website built. Do you or anyone you know can help me? Nothing crazy, but just wonde
Are you pooping tonight?
Is it as crazy as they say????
I was worried you'd say that, that's why I personally jizz-sealed each bottle.
Thanks for letting me crash at your place dude. It was a fun night, as always. I guess I'll leave the beer there til next time if that's okay lol 
Here 
We're almost there 
Leaving 5 guys now 
Ok
Is your friend with you now? Or do we have to get her from campus still?
Yes
Ok. At 5 guys with Annie. Be to your place in 10-15
Ok
Was that meant for me or Christian/Annie?
Oh alright yeah that works
Okay perfect
Wait, are you driving us up?
I hate myself btw. Like I couldn't be more hungover 
Ok I'll make it 2:30
I see that you said you were at dills. Don't know if I ever say you tho 
Did I ever see you last night?
Be at your place around 2-2:15 prolly 
Idk what to wear 😣
If you're looking to work today I be in the mp
Truuu
So he may have read and forgot
Ronnie blacked out hard last night
No I don't
So we good. I'll just get you from your house 
Annie is coming to get me sooner than that 
Yea sleeping 
Wait, really?! Oh wow, alright
Also, do you know what time we're leaving/I need to be ready by?
Yessir I did
I like that "That's a pretty shirt, where did you get it?" Try that on campus, I think you'll get a better response
yes she can't see in the dark
You're also tall, it's hard for me to picture myself with someone shorter than me and I'm sure a lot of girls feel the same. You also have lovely green e
Your fresh might not be her fresh, just saying. I'm just telling you what I think looks good
 you were wearing that
Maybe wear your black turtleneck. It might just be me but I think you look really good in it, I'm pretty sure both times I asked you if you got a haircut
anted that night
I have definitely turned away from a guy trying to talk to me because I was focusing on having fun with my friends. Nothing wrong with him, just what I w
ing and funny and she can't see that without a conversation.
trying to stay with her friends, who knows. I don't think you'd get that same reaction if you did that at the Marketplace or something. You're very charm
To be fair, it's pretty easy for a girl to run away at the bars. A lot of people, easy to get lost in the crowd, easy to be ruder, honestly. Maybe she's 
It's for the intercollegiate broadcasting society. WNYO is part of it
Lol, curiousity*, but I like curious kitty better
Lol sorry buddy, there is this conference in the city that I'm going to and it's the same weekend
How did you go up to them, out of curious kitty?
Ok no problem. Love u
Jk what's up?
No
Da kitty 😍
Lmao, you're right I'll let you fly
Yeap
$15 more per month. There's no contract extension. To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing Verizon.
Verizon Msg: You've used all the data in your 6GB plan (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle is $15 per 1GB. Or, increase your plan by 2GB for
Ok be down in 3!
Kk text me when you're here
Washington
Hopefully haha. Thanks erik! And sure which street will u be on Susq or washintgone
And woo pj party. I can def come bring it down to you on whichever entrance u prefer just let me know
It was just very overwhelming plus being a host sucks BC u have to talk to everyone it's so difficult
I'll be in pjs
Yes that's good w me
It was so social and I'm
Not about that
11 am
Ok dw we have it safe and sound
It went well! Thank you sooo much for coming. Def was out of my comfort zone but glad I did it
Did u leave your jacket here you told me last night u didn't wanna look for it and we have one left
Erik!
BUT ITS THE TRUTH
Fuck dumb bitches who will date a man who works at Walmart
You have earning potential
What this is*
This is exactly what that is
And I'm always right
That's my opinion
So you're too good for them anyways
They probably can't tell the difference between girl and boys at that point of drunk
And also pretty girls our age are drunk bitches who are sloppy drunks
Especially if you have so many people who love you ya know
It's not you, it's clearly them
Don't get down on yourself for stupid girls
And we both know this is true
You're too good for them
And they're probably jappy girls
You're probably prettier than them
And you're so pretty
They're looking for stupid frat douchebags
They're not smart enough to understand you that's why
It's because they're not on the same intelligence level as you lol
Awwww baby
Shut down by girls?
What's up
Hi boo
So disappointed 
Dills
Still in dills?
PLEASE RESOGN
SA SENATOR FOR IRON AND SWOLE
FUCK
LOL
What's up
Faggot
Nah with the taylor swift
All of you go?
Coming 
Yes
You in dills?
Dills 
We gonna bounce soon?
Ok sound good 
I'm about to lay on the floor and go to bed 
Uh good question 
Going out in 30
The party still 
Drunk tho 
Yea alive 
Oopsie
Smh, 855-956-1494
Can't come to parade day :(
Do you know what time we're leaving tomorrow? And do we just print the tickets somehow?
See you downtown?
I'm leaving!! 😟
Yeah I'm not feeling great
Word
I don't think I'm gonna go to shiras
Noah doesn't feel well
Me Andrew and josh are taking the 1045 bus
Yeah
What
Bruh
Very nice.
😑
...uh I guess I just do 
Agreed, it'll work out one of these days
Gucci
Power of the period
.
And josh
Cool
What time?
I'm outside the game in a bus right now looks poppin
Eep
I DONT KNOW HEEE HEE
What are you doing tonight
Hey man so it turns out that I can't use internet on anything that's connected to my wifi. Any ideas would be greatly appreciated
<3
lel
http://img.ifcdn.com/images/8405c858073c8747179b4cd00913b4fa4206397a00a1ce932dd7cc6af29bf5f7_1.jpg
friday night fucking lit
Lololol
I smell so bad I have to shower it's unfortunate cha feel me
Much excite
Bring whoever Erik!
OMG duh you're all invited on fb anyways
Lol word
Math club gettin lit?
So you told noah who told Andrew who told me that there was a party tonight
Lmao
Yo nigger
Thanks
Good thing i had my phone in my hand!
Till 4am
Damn man i would i would love to but i'm working the late night shift tonight
Okay
You got to let me know ASAP. Please 😊
For sure, I need to know for sure
How many do you want?
Let me see
Anyway I don't even know what to say about the urinal thing 
What a cunt question 
not ptheads/ whatever
And the types are SIGLE THREADED AND MULTITHREADED 
That's a story I will be telling probably for decades 
I can't believe that just happened
Also stop the world is when you run out of memory so the jvm halts you till garbage collection can run 
I just trolled citi 
Welp 
I shit you not 
LMAO THE GUY JUST WALKED UP TO THE URINAL NEXT TO ME WHILE I WS TEXTING YOU CALLING HIM RETARDED
What are the kinds of threading in Java?
Also they all had pathetically simple answers 
Bad bc questions were retarded. What's "stop the world gc" in Java?
Lel 
Bleh 
He didn't seem to like me
Also Citi was weird. Guy was this Indian Java obsessed weirdo 
Yeah, I guess
No, I’ll pay you back the full amount, just really surprising that it would cost that much
I guess there’s no flower tax in NYC or something? I’ve never paid that much for flowers before, even here at Wegmans…
Not to, like, shatter dreams, or anything
$50 is a bus reimbursement…
Did you already buy them? I’m not willing to spend that much on flowers.
Flowers should be $10 a bouquet, _max_
Maybe he wants to be Steve 
That's why he likes being on stage with minimalist slides and the clicker 
Itai is living vicariously through us 
Just realized something 
$50 for flowers??? How?
I should have enough cash
That too, yeah
How much are flowers?
Yep, as long as you keep an original, itemized receipt.
At least you can help them with their Big O
Smh
That was way earlier today lol but yeah
Was wondering if you were twerking
I had a booth in the mp
NOTHING 😩
So sad you couldn't go out 
Hmm, I feel like I should have more in my account from peer advising though...strange, I'll investigate
Today was payday, correct?
...I really wanted the meme 
Where is it? 
Will do 
ITC
I'm stuck at the it's
Im not there yet! 
Not surprising at all. They are probably spies.
That's gotta be near critical mass
That's a disgusting amount of chicken in pounds
If I was pro fitness I wouldn't have eaten a pound of chicken everyday for the last 4 years
I'm pro weights not pro fitness
Fuck you bitch I'm not
Why don't you lift weights
If only
Not super niche but it is a wow reference
Kek
Sry afk
Do you even lift
Lol I knew that was gunna happen. Yeah as far as I know I'm good o drink/attend
How did u not think my hard drive failed or something
That's insane 
No like the cable thing u said was spot on 
Where you at lol
Wya?
Mhmm afraid not, I have practice at that time  :/
Gotcha 
Is anything going on tonight at 7:30 then?
Yo u were right wtf genius 
Mhmm lol gotcha
Smh
Whatttttt
Wait, is Simeon still going?
Fair enough
I'm gunna be all over the place until about 7:30, I can maybe then or sometime after?
Lol why, I'm the worst
We're on our way 
Well my stipulation was French fries so yes 
I would go out with you tonight but I already agreed to sit on Christians couch for 3 hours and do nothing 
Fo sho 
Ugh noooo
Are you free tomorrow night?
I suppose not 
I can do anything if I have enough champagne 
We'll see if I'm a good wing man 
It's okay it automatically makes me the coolest girl in the group 
I'm always the only girl so I don't mind I was just curious 
lol no I have only you guys 
Am I the only girl? 
I love the way you think 
This means champagne all day and all night. That's my version of heaven 
Who else is going?
Yeah gotta get my finances together but I think I can manage 😊
Yesss 
Temporarily 
He went out last night so maybe his bender finally got to him 
He says he's "too tired"
Christian bailed on colonial so he wants to just chill 🙄
I actually finished most of my work
Thanks Erik! Day made !!!!
THANK YOU MY AMAZING FUCKING BUMBLE BEE
Not my birthday but thanks anyway
Ight
Idk wanted to know if you wanted to hang and do work
Whatchu up to
Yo
"I told him I was going to kill myself, and he didn't even care"
How much I don't like you as an SRC
Im just gunna kill myself
No. It is seriously no problem!
Okay. No problem. I was just wondering
Walk in where?! Are you talking about the computer center by Steve?
Right corridor of...? Idk where the technology hub is
Where's Ricks office?
Would you be able to come in at like 2 tomorrow, to switch with me?
We gunna be turnt
But good
Lol stalker
I'm such a good person 
I don't get it
Life is just so hard 
Actually too late already did 
I wanna cry 
I just read this, and wow, damn that's good
I wonder what it will end up doing, but well, well written
NO 
It's the one that came out 2012 I think 
I'm gonna cry
MACBOOK PRO 
DOES THAT MEAN ITS CRASHING 
CAN IT BE FIXED 
DOES THATean 
WHAT THE FUCK 
I DONT GET IT
THE question MARK FOLDER IS COMING UP ON MY MAC 
WHAT DO I DO
Perf, ty
I don’t really know what to say to that; I don’t know what it implies.
Can you ask for clarification? Is this about the receipt/invoice?
lololololololol
oh no
sounds like you are up to no good!!!
Yikes…
What are you plotting?
It’s on GitHub pages, hosted for free. Why?
I'll see you Friday though!! 
I'm gonna go study some econ rn. Some smart kid once told me I have to "work hard with it" so I better get on that 
Wait, are you in the marketplace?
Not very fun, but not as bad as I thought this semester would be
2 econ classes, math 371 and a literature class 
That's very true 
ls variable is already at 0. How do you know where you are?
2 creates a child on level 1 which creates a child on level 0. But when it comes back up it needs to create another 2 children on level 1, but my numLeve
Can I ask how you kept track of the number of levels in your program? Like it'll go through and create lets say 3 levels with 3 children each - so level 
💁
But you'll be fine, don't think there is much you can't do
Yeah math Nicole tells me that class is a lot of work 
How is 448? 
You did good, Mac is awesome
I love anything that has do to w makeup. It's def a fav hobby of mine  
I'm sorry I have an econ test coming up, I was studying 
Never mind
Lol don't sound so excited
We should do dinner one of these days
No wayy, what are the other 2? 
I'll definitely listen to it
Haha it's totally fine, my roommate keeps telling me I need to listen to his new album 
I agree this is way better 
It's Jenn 
how bout dem algos
linkedin
I think just Sean, everyone else I'm kinda 50-50 on
You don't exist
Salaman
I didn't, but if you want to believe that then by all means lol
Sean, you don't know him. And alright I'll send it to him
I'm literally asking for a friend, I told him I'd let him know
Didn't know you were a celeb 
When's the next hackathon hackbu is going to?
$15 more per month. There's no contract extension. To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing Verizon.
Verizon Msg: You've used about 90% of your 6GB data (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle will be $15 per 1GB. Or, increase your data by 2GB for
Yep
Amazing
Kendrick's performance is fucking unreal
Sure. No problem
Was your lab 2 relatively short?
Sweet, thank you
Does he just mean they'll control z or whatever to terminate?
Yea lol wtf, yea I notice that
Have*
I had a question! 
Lab 2, for the p flag: "when this option is specified, the user will clean up processes from the terminal or she'll." ...wat
😉
lel
Yea man it was awesome, I screamed fuck yes. Drake, nicki minaj, j. Cole
Depends, some people are down. It's varies
The Grammys are on right now. Kendrick's to pimp a butterfly just won best rap album
Kendrick with that best rap album though
Yes
Would you not have sex with a girl if she's on her period?
Hardy har
Okay, I can try to help you after the meeting tonight
Amazing and wisdom-less
😞
I think I got my wisdom teeth
Pulled on the 5th so that's prob why 
I should've texted u I'm the worst I legit feel sooo bad
Just went through my
Friendship w u on fb and thank god I wrote on your wall for you bday. Feeling less guilty
Cool I'll be there
i know how to do the butt ;)
❤️
That's exactly the point of the exec* family — it replaces your process with a new one, so no more code will run from yours.

fork() is special in that it returns twice (once in the parent process and once in the child, with different return values), and exec* is special in that it never returns (your process is killed and replaced).

If you need to run an external process to run without replacing your own, fork() and then exec() in the child.
But you're actually the realest 
My 
U da realest nigga breathing if I hold me breath 
Am I supposed to go to the meeting thing tonight
lol good
me too thanks
that m was unintentional
Lololololol nice m
Yes
I am working today until 9pm. I will be home by 9:15pm.  I am off Wednesday and Thursday for extended conversation. 
Sounds ok. Are you flying to Miami from NYC?
Alright I'll be in a grey michellin man looking jacket
Sure. 
Is seems like an ok price.  Your mom and Alex and Theresa know a lot about cruises. What line is it and where is it stopping?
Now
I'll tell you when
Hold on
Wait
Now
If I can get it done I certainly will. Hope your doing good btw
Absolutely no clue where it is??
Holy hell, that's scary
you’re probably right 
hmm ok good points
he’s* going to get less than zero sympathy. he can easily make more money, but this is in such phonomonelly poor taste and he seems so entitled (touring could pull in millions) this might cause a rut
he
who is just as profit hungry as he is
Hmm aight 
Those three headlines say it all 
Kanyes life is falling apart pretty fast 
Gucci mane
Loooooooooooool
Lol, no worries. Chris and I also passed out when we got home; I just made myself get up so I wouldn't accidentally sleep until 1:00 AM then be awake.

Er, really sucks to hear you can't find the card, but no, the Foundation doesn't reimburse anything directly. You need an itemized receipt and a screenshot of your credit card statement (to show that you're actually the one who paid), but they reimburse via check. As long as canceling the card won't prevent you from taking a screenshot of your credit card statement or anything like that, you're good.
Thanks man
Yea that works
Hey Erik this is Roland. Is there any time you would be free and on campus today? I was thinking we could meet around bartle
Mhmm
Nothing's been graded though lol
  Can you do that for quizzes? I'd technically be in the wrong section...
Sounds good. Ttyl 
Yeah. And alright sweet
What's your venmo/squarecash
and finally this one https://i.imgur.com/qWAQMd4.jpg
need some reinforcements on FB
also these ones http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php?id=4019
these are for u bb http://explosm.net/comics/4210/ <3 heppi rino valentino day
amazing
please tell me once you’ve seen it
please look at this
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10153671706399667&set=gm.463315387199481&type=3&theater
Hey Erik, thank you so much for everything this weekend. It was super! Happy Valentine's day! -Ellie
Could I use your tidal account to listen to the album?
Ready when you are for shirts 
How was the hackathon?
I'm working on a new beat. Got inspired recently. Working hook / title is "credit card fraudin' hoes"
Happy Valentine's Day btw😘
Word
So did you download the life of Pablo
Nvm don't need the key 
http://youtu.be/MVAqQvRgSpE
❤️❤️❤️
If anyone gets in your way I'll ruin their life for you 
After this event Itai will be a lame duck president. You should assert dominance and run everything 
Happy Valentines Day.   ❤️ u. 
uhh
hey. where is my pokemon gold game? you borrow it a couple of months ago and I felt an urge to play it
Okay, forget I asked
I'm doing work rn, I know I won't focus if I'm there
How's the hackathon going?
Gonna get contact info for the actual reps so we can reach out to them directly and hit that 30k?
Overall this is going well I'm happy 
Someone is gonna get fucked if we just give em 
Not sure how we have extra. This is not supposed to happen 
Yea go for it
Ok. We have three sweatshirts left. All large. Any way we can find out who didn't get?
Kk
Does everyone have a sweatshirt? Aidens asking and we might have another so I want to check 
I'm in the area where they hold all the talks
Can I venmo you the money
gonna check physical stash.
FUCK no size order from aiden 
Specifically requested you 
Can you handle this?
Some guy claims he needs a sweatshirt 
Enjoy !
Okie
Ohhhh right
I'm doing work in app if you wanna come join
Need password 
Ty
Does PD have a photographer?
Who is pipe dream chick?
I'm in the auditorium with a blue coderit shirt and a gray hoodie. I'm on the side where the sponsors are sitting.
But we'll see
I should be fine 
Hey we're here. Sorry for not letting you know earlier. We were here by 10.
It's been good, I think we're just a few minutes away now
Amazinf 
Any word on ITS monitor?
Yes we did
Yep everything's great. We're at Cornell. Thank you.
Do you know if they left yet? We still waiting. 
All set. Thanks!
Okay, thanks for letting me know
Thanks Erik for the info. We were just about to call them haha. See you soon! 
Okay thanks for working it out!
Nope no sign
Ok
Ok text me 
Yes
Umm 
On my way
Cool
😎
Noo cmon
And you can print the gd bible
Come out with me
A lot
I mean, I have one
But it's Friday
Sooo bein a boner?
Whatcha doin tn?
Which leads to my next question lol
Yo
Okay. Please let me know if you have any issues.
Just a reminder: 3 copies of every page in the new room sign PDF, along with 2 copies of the “Breakfast Sponsored by Harpur Edge” from last year
Print 350 waivers if you can. If not, let me know ASAP
Do you have the money?
Can you print at this hour?
BTW do you have the waivers/room signs?
http://us3.campaign-archive1.com/?u=7b913639d76e3b0c4a4576540&id=1287513266
Maybe 11
Uh not till later on. Like 12
The Colonial is around the corner also -Chris
Thoughts on a kegerator for the house next year?
Hey Uncle Erik!!!  May his first grandchild be a masculine child......and it is!!!  
I'm there
Walking in
I think unloading would be fine
I'm proud to be your friend
Also should Austin come shopping with us or just help us with unloading
I'm snagging the key from Itai
PERFECT
Yea...teehee
Okay, np, let me know
BTW, have we heard back from Tim?
Those should only contain accepted students who are taking the busses
No, it's the individual bus list spreadsheets in "Shared Bus Lists". Should be one for RIT/Cornell, one for RPI/Albany/Siena, and one for Rutgers.
Yes, please. It can just be really quick; send them the links to the spreadsheets again, and tell them to mark people off as having arrived when they get on the bus.

Give them my cell number (347-633-1862), and more importantly, yours, for any day-of communication.
also lol that meme you sent was good
No worries, sounds good
Cool. Leaving the jerk 
Yep see u then
okay yeah sounds good
u mentioned learning python and that sounds interesting
oh haha I mean i honestly don’t know that much about programming at all where i would even know where to start
idk maybe like 9 or something. i don’t have that much to do
do u think it would it be worth it to go to the hackbu meeting?
hackbu is a well oiled machine 
shoutout to the fact that viacom asked about a monitor at 4:03pm and it was dealt with by 4:18pm
Oh boy 
You are high functioning 
Baller
Cool. Worst case scenario does your personal monitor have DVI? I think mine might but idk
Any possibility of Viacom borrowing a monitor for the hackathon? ITS?
Absolutely, I’d be happy to!
Thanks <3
If they don't get back to you, we should call Uptown Limo Service
WTF, Brian?
Can you call Brian up and see if there's anyway we can swing this? Or this Tim guy and explain the situation; say that Brian never told us we'd have to get a request in 2 weeks in advance. We need this done ASAP.

If we can't do OCCT, we need to know right away so we can find an alternative in the next few hours.
That's exactly how I feel, in a more racially aware sense
Busses have been taken care of - we're all good :)
choosing Verizon.
Verizon Msg: You've used about 75% of your 6GB data (cycle ends the 20th). To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for
Alright, that makes me feel a little better
Ouch, I thought I was at least worth $5
Might just drop out and strip, we'll see
College is stressful, idk
I mean yeah, at some point
Lol, Angelica knows what's up
Nah, she's dead. Crushed by obligations, I think
I don't see drunk Erik enough, so I guess that's my vote
Also, is drunk Erik drunk?
Lol, loaded question
😘
Still at dills?
Lol no, I'm just doing a lot of multi tasking atm
😉
My anus is loose from excitement
Idk I'm still seeing mid February
http://www.stereogum.com/1846149/kendrick-lamars-sister-accidentally-reveals-his-upcoming-j-cole-collaboration/news/
A while ago actually
Kendricks sister spilled those beans
...do you want a cookie, or...?
Yeah
Is Kendrick and Cole dropping on the 16th?
Second..
Is Kanye dropping tm?
First of all..
Yo
Mildly. If your alcohol problem is at a point where you don't think you can handle it anymore, you know you can talk to me
Whatcha up to?
Awww 😊
Okay 🧀 ♥️
Would queso and chill make up for it? 
I know but I wanna be fully recovered to get buck wild with you this weekend ya know 
I'm there nothing I'd like to do more but I'm pretty sick 
Sup 
Sure thing, bb
Wrote to Marissa, I’ll see what she says.
Sounds good; going to his office would be best if you have the time.
Let me know what happens.
Of course! We’re on the same team here :) <3
Speaking of which, any response from the OCCT guy or no? If he doesn’t call you back, can you please leave him a message?
In the meantime, I’d prefer it if you could focus on OCCT stuff. I’ll work on this in the meantime
It’s okay! Shit happens :)
I don’t mind if you do, but this is something that I want to be in pretty close control over. Not because I don’t trust you, but because I want to know second-to-second what’s going on because this is the biggest thing we need to take care of right now.
I will write her an email tonight and see if we can change the times, even at additional cost
That’s okay. We’ll make this work.
Did you say it in writing, or over the phone? If you have it in writing, can you please forward me the email you sent her? I just want to be able to refer to it.
I don’t mind emailing her again, and I will call her tomorrow, too.

Also, we’re starting this early so people can get home early enough on Sunday.
Do you think we can change this? Do you want me to write to Marissa directly?
Even worse, they’re all set to leave too early (12:30 PM, instead of 2:00).
Fuck
Looks like the busses are set to _arrive_ at the hackathon at 10:30… That’s when we were supposed to start opening ceremonies…
Ty bb
Did you get an email about a siege technology  meet and greet? A friend of mine wants to go but the email we got doesn't have a location 
That's why I was asking about it now before it's too late
Ok bc I was asking adam and he doesn't thing he's gonna go
I know. I was just going with it
Ok
😏
Of course! 👍🏼😊
Marissa said she’d get the bus departure times to me, is what I mean
Talked to Marissa; she said she’d forward it to me. Ty bb
NVM, saw it in her email footer
Thanks!
That's Marissa's number, yes? Not the OCCT guy's? (Just checking)
Still nothing from Marissa? If not, do you have her phone number? I'll call her.
Sorry, Kyle Cotter
Perf, thanks
Hey man, are people still planning to come for parade day?
Any word from Marissa about departure times? I found someone willing to be bus captain from Cornell but she needs to know when the bus is going to be leaving
Sounds good
Sounds great thanks a lot
If you could still give me a ride that would be awesome
Yo
Thanks
Big time
At the back table 
I'm fucked
Also...I lost my fake soooo
lol fucking vj
I never knew that was a thing
Lol, how many people are there?
Okay freshie
💩🎉💩🎉💩🎉💩🎉
Beautiful, thank you!!!
Ty bb
Can you please call him, though? We don't have much of a choice; this has to happen ASAP
BTW, any news on OCCT stuff?
I’m definitely starting to be too
he’s paranoid about over capacity 
likely an itai thing
is down
Awe yeha dawg 
Will we get a bus To bitcamp?
Sounds good!
Look this over if you get the chance and let me know if it looks good: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15MZIh2M4dHHvMl3SHd_KMpPd0orZL2IAXctPOSpbbRY/edit?usp=sharing (This link is view-only, but it’s in Drive with the other shared bus lists)

Doesn’t have phone numbers so it should hopefully be less of a privacy issue to share with students
Okay. I have to send this email out tonight, so I guess I’ll just say that we’ll let them know official departure times once the bus company finalizes them.
Or are we still working that out?
That’s really important to let students know about.
BTW, do we have arrival and departure times for these stops?
:*
Beautiful, thank you! I’ll send this out tonight, and ask for a Cornell bus captain
I'm actually locked out of my room right now
Nah all good
What
I was looking to eat soonish
Ok then lol if you're planning on doing work later lmk
Whaa
At cccc
*justin
Or if ya wanna come and eat with Barry and busting they're looking to eat soon
*mp
Let's do no
Um
They close at 8
What's open?
When are you looking to food
Maybe get foods later too?
Ight no prob
Idk whenever you're down
Wanna do work in the union later?
It's whatever's on our site.

85 Murray Hill Rd
Vestal, NY 13850

Why?
Hahahah your email 
*bb
Ty b
Perf. Once you have bus captains and that info ready to go, let me know; I’ll try to get that info out today if I have it
Wait -  20 credits? Isn't that alittle too much?
I hope the wings arent as bad as McGeevers. The Jets resigned big buff. Most people thought they would trade him, especially to the Isles for Hamonic.
Did anyone find a soccer ball at hackbu last week by any chance
You're scaring me 
...plotting what
Girls will stay here u can have the boys 
But if you need to know for your own housing needs feel free
I feel like we don't really need a headcount bc I'm not going to tell anyone no you can't haha
I have a general idea but no one's committed yet 
Hahaha what about them??
Not terrible. Nothing really new  . How about you?
Remember when we went to that gas station and took a picture for Itai
Perf, thanks!
Do you mind calling them tomorrow and arranging this, please? Or do you have a ton to do?
Sure Tim Redband is the director and the go to guy for charters, his number is 7776916
Chipotle: Almost there. Click here for your free burrito: https://raincheck.hit2c.com/rYGF5P3u64d6b2xCRaG14tzY
Chipotle: Almost there. Click here for your free burrito: https://raincheck.hit2c.com/rYGF5P3u64d6b2xCRaG14tzY
ty
Please do. If we need to sign a contract, we’ll need it ASAP.
Depending on what you need to handle, it might just be easy enough to do manually.

Also, sweet - how do we pay OCCT?
Okay. I’ll talk to Chris about it and we’ll see what to do. This is for the whole event, right (departure from campus on Saturday and to campus on Sunday)?
BTW, more importantly, did we ever hear back from OCCT? Can you please poke them again?
Sorry, just saw this. If you’re willing to wait tonight, you’re welcome to come meet me and Chris after 9:00 and come back with us to our apartment. I can help you then.
getopt() is a general pain in the ass to use. Do you have to use it?
GEICO Policy: Your payment of $106.37 for policy ending in 7488 will be billed to the credit/debit card ending in 6131 on 02/13. Reply STOP to end texts.
Damn, you're probably not going to want to wait until I'm out of class

Is this urgent, or could we maybe meet tomorrow too?
Full of joy and kittens
Have a wonderfulistic day
When’s your last class over?
damn
Are you going to be down there all day?
Er, I’ve got class from 6 to 9 tonight, but I wasn’t really planning on going down to campus before then because I have other work to do.
"That's the dream" - also Garrison
I found it on Reddit but it's definitely from some old comic (where "Dick" is someone's name, I guess)
feel free 2 use that

Copyright Weinschenk Industries 1994
I'm in
Oh baby, you drive a hard bargain
Nah, there's not much to talk about
Tomorrow or Wednesday, though, likely
Ty ty
Dope
False alarm
Siena's Gucci to go
Never mind
Wait
Do you think you'd be able to give me a ride downtown? Claire was supposed to but she's still really sick from the other day
Hey what's your schedule like today?
Yo, what did Weinschenk say?
Comin down lol
Hahaha prepare for wings tomorrow night 
Like bobs friend 
A friends house 
But no. 3 beers deep 
My bad phone was on silent 
Did you buy for the whole damn place?
You're joking....
Hi buddy, I’ve updated the liability waiver, so it should be ready to print. It’s in Driver > HackBU > 2016S > Liability Waiver; we’ll need 350 copies, if you can reasonably make that many without raising suspicion. If not, let me know and we can get some more guys to print throughout the week.
By the stairs
By the stairs
Where you at?
Cool bananas
He seemed aight to me today
Hahah fuck
Yea hes in his room last i saw him 40min ago why?
Did too much of the turnup the night before ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
By not goin out? 
Haha...ill just have to see how it turns out 
Yes I did it but probably didn't get a lot of it
Yeah I think so
Yusssss
Nah I'm broke lol
Hahaha okay then never mind 7 it is lol
So wanna do 6 instead ?
You right you right, thanks!
I'm having issues and I need a way to work remotely 😣
How do you remote in?
Is putty acting weird for you?
Ugh
It's been 7 minutes 
Where are youuuuuu
I'm terribly broke so campus is necessary lol
Yes please
Ok
Well I can't hang for too long bc I have heeeeelllaaaaa work
Okay I just didn't wanna interfere if ya did
Oh right right are you doing something for it?
How does 7 sound?
Ok
What time are you going to pick me up?
That's what I like to hear 
Thoughts on the movie? 
I have some fun stories
We should get dinner tonight
Probably going to a friends house with Bob
I have to drop off Annie when I'm done 
Not that much longer 
Yea
With Annie 
We’re going to need to go both days. We’ll discuss it at the meeting - some people will need to go today, and I will be available to go buy perishable items on Friday.
Perf
See you at noon
Where was he?
Can you please bring him with you?
He is covered in throw up 
I'll go wake him up 
I hope in my basement 
👍🏼
😘
Where the hell is Alex, then?
Can you make a 12:00 PM meeting?
I'm going to beat the shit out of this kid, I swear
I miss you too :(
At this girls place bout to sleep
What u doin
Idk why i dont hace ur number
hey bud!
Erik who
Who is this
Happy 4 u 2
No I'm alive
Getting drinks 
He said to come to his room
Yes I will try 
Idk 
But now he won't answer 
I went bc my friend said to
Near twin
I'm at two 
Idk what to do
I'm alone 
I lost my keys and my friends 
I'm very lost 
I am put?!
Enjoy ya self
Lol ok
Kay
Ohhhh
Who're you with?
Nooo I'm sorry I'm not dt :( 
Come thruuuu
Tom's
Where u at?
Does your door open lol
Yo where you at boi
I'm still at school lol
What time you think you'll be heading to state st
Maybe josh
I think me Barry and Ruth may be going to the bars
Word
*tonight
Whatchu doin tm
Thanks 😬
That was so stupid lmao
Lol that's amazing
I shall
Lol okay have fun
It'll be lit
Well I'm having a pregame that you can come to!
Haha of course
lol okay
No
np dude
https://vine.co/v/i7QXEbXrzLr
They did not. It was a tough crowd
It was glorious
I pulled the wire on the bus, they let me out, I yacked, I got back on the bus
Lmao
Almost yacked in the bus
When I got back I bought a water and Doritos, came into my room, put them down and face planted into my bed
Yaaaaaaaaaaa
lol yeah that was strange
Fuckin pussies
What're they gonna do arrest me bro
They're just cops bro
Who was that mysterious number calling you guys?
Lmao, poor Alex
Strain out the coconut pieces its way better
You bastard
I thought you were turning into a pedo and I was worried
No I understand
Is she like 4 years old
What do you mean not yet
I wonder how Alex feels
Aww, I'm the first person you texted. I feel honored
Ah okay gotcha
When you remote in, is the port number 22 or 23?
It's a solid start
Solid hahahah
You alive?
What's her name?
How long were you at Lillian's for the second time?
Did you bang 
Haha no problem
Home
Lol I was sleeping sorry
Is she prettier than me??
Omg
Why what's wrong?
lol it's about time!!
One of Lilly's roommates?
But he's glad you're alive 
Alex is sleeping at my place 
He is freaking out 
Alex wants to confirm that you're alive and have a place to sleep 
He's dead. And alex is yelling for no reason 
Bob is dead
Tru
Bob is currently throwing up in my bathroom 
:)
But Bob and alex are so drunk it's silly
Tell Alicia you're with me maybe you get deals 
So I'm making sure they don't die 
Bob and alex had to leave 
Home. 
Bob is dead
Where are ya
And I'm going out tomorrow lol
I died last night 
No I'm staying in tonight?
Yeah at dils
It's Karlee but don't say anything..... This message is from Bobby 
Aka Alex Terela 
Hey, it's the baddest bitch you've ever met 
🆗
💩
Was it Alex?
Fuck you
Where u going
Same 
Where u at
Yo
Jesus
Where the fuck are you
spread it far and wide
directly
send them this
https://hackbu.typeform.com/to/B9BkYg
on it. thank you
So would it be easier if I picked people up on campus and brought them or just ride with you?
There won't be any #girls
When are you going
I think I'm staying in tonight 
Lol alright
Okay thanks! Are you bringing anything to Lillian's, food wise?
So idk if bars is the move for us
*tn
So this doesn't apply to you bc you're 21 but I heard the bars were gonna get raided rn by state police
Morgan's frat is throwing a party I think me and josh are gonna go
Whatcha doin tn?
Where does josh live?
Don't be smart ass
I don't really know, I think I'm getting up really tomorrow so I'm not tryna die...
I shall
830 am training tm
Home haha
Yeah, I probably won't stay too long though. He's on front street right?
Lol okie
You going out tonight?
Great
Thanks tho!
That's okay, I was planning on driving over
Will there be #girls
Is it a party
I'll make them kiss
Maybe jack and Sam bravo should come too
Gets me superfuckedup
Hold your breath until you almost faint
Is jack going
Shut your mouth I'll fucking kill you
Because i don't want to feel like shut tomorrow 
I don't really want to get super drunk
Ehhhhh
Ok
Here
Do I have to shave the middle of my head
It's like a monk party right
You couldn't 
Sick
Are you going to johns 
i think he wants to send out rejections
if i knew the inner workings of that mind 
erik
itai closed registration
sienna will need the direct type form link if they want to register
Yeah 
kk. itai wants to close registration soon for outside students fyi.
Dumpster babies...hey ;)
Why redirect me to fb instead of just posting it here?
32 rutgers, 31 stony, 30 RIT, 16 buffalo, 14 cornell, 6 albany, 5 RPI.
Ok
I am
Rather talk in my room
Idk
Nah I'll meet you later
Go look at the new vid on pogbas instagram
Yes, please. I just let her know that we can't pay for food because we need to pay for busses, but please make sure she pays for the busses ASAP
Ok
12**
I'll be free at 11
Hey, quick question - when do we need to pay for busses?
All good
Yes
Thank you so much
Hey I'm sorry it's late but could you possibly meet me after my classes tomorrow? Like 4ish?
Ok
Dills 
I'm going out leaving now 
Hey sorry Y didn't have my phone on me a all
I'm coming soooooon
Lmao ditto
Okay yayayay I'll prob see u
Is that still a thing
Jenn said u might be having something this weekend
Erik!!!!!
we have actual black people here. lets cherish them
rome level
that was dope
Nothing nothing was gunna say hi again
Are you still in the mp?
Okie cool yayyyy
Lol I mean I'm def going out Saturday too so if you can't swing tonight no biggie
Why damn?
1130*
We're headed for 1139
Sure..
Since I haven't had anything done since June, lol I go like twice a year
Hair appointment at 6, otherwise I would :/
Okay then lol
I would like to be a good friend and go
Idk showing support for the club that they just started
What are your thoughts on me going/ not going
They have a meeting tonight
She's the first?
Have you heard of that club that Thirhses suite started?
Yo
You can't stop me
I'm going to fundraise at the hackathon for the SPOTJAMS vanity plate
Suck it bro
Liar
Are you with john
Good
Ok?
Want to get to hackbu like 30 mins before and talk about this presentation 
Faggot
Where are you living next year
Thx
Reminder to send the updated email to Christian
i agree on the hardware lab. but how many people actually use that? also an opportunity for hackathon clubs to start acquiring their own equipment. AWS/namecheap we could frankly probably steal. be like look, you’re on a sinking ship that’s being perceived as less cool every day.
thank you for playing devils advocate
no of course
then again if large hackathons go with it, that’s more than enough. if it’s suddenly cool to not be with MLH all the kids at minor hackathons will want to join
not sure. then again, MLH provides little value. it’s just a brand. that would definitely be the largest threat
no corporate meddlers. focus on creation and self improvement 
literally just a website
OHL: Open Hacking League. don’t take over your hackathon, just publicize it. we are not FOR PROFIT. no forced code of conduct. you report to no one, and you’re in charge of your own event
can i jerk for thirty seconds
sweet
combined nyc (columbia, nyu, cuny, city, hunter): 19
sienna: 0
Albany: 6
RPI: 5
buffalo: 10
cornell: 12
RIT: 29
stony brook: 31
Rutgers:31
Silly little me?
OMFG
OMG
We can get a vanity plate that says SPOTJAMS
SPOTJAMS VANITY PLATE NEED IT FUCK YOY
But we'll be there for awhile so stop by whenever 
Ok so to charter the bus it'd be 570$ but if you're an SA group it'd be 510$ and I'll drive it for free. I can let you know the breakdown if you'd like
I'll be there at like 9
Lol Alex will be jelly 
Haha yes. My whole team will be there but they're kinda lame 
For you lol
Haha obvs I'm going to wine night with the team :) you're always welcome to chug soul sister w. Me and Karlee 
What else is up? 
That makes me so happy 😁
Did you watch he princess bride? 
Don't have 
I'm down!
He's essentially a bull
AND HE PULLED IT 21 times
405 is my 1 RM
21 fucking times
Then 405
Then 650x3
Kap hit a 725 single
I'm not sure about fri, suite right might have a party but idk if I wanna go
 He can see me texting 😬
I'm at the top of the stairs by the deli lol
Hehe
I c u
the gears are turning
4, 6, 0.
They beat the Bruins last night. Did you see Connor mcdavids goal last night. He is averaging a point a game . He could be the best player in hockey as a 19 year old rookie.
Latest numbers: 31 Rutgers, 29 RIT, 28 Stony Brook, 11 Cornell, 10 Buffalo.
plz let me fight le pricks
like mlh
i wanna fight pricks
i won’t 
i had a realization after our talk. I’m more rebellious than i thought. super white boy but still
no thursdays
itai will be available for weekly meetings
We had a really long convo
We still talk kinda or at least snapchats here and there
Curses easily 50x more than necessary 
Ranting about fucking cline
"You can get nirchis really cheap"
He's polluting the freshmen 
The stupidity is overflowing 
Thanks man
If that changes then maybe we'll do something else
I'm comfortable with it for now I guess
Idk
He needs to not hold on and I feel like that's what he's doing
Idk if it's a good idea honestly
Well he wants to hang out occasionally
We don't wanna be strangers and such
We both agreed we wouldn't do that
Yes
So it was hard
Which is what it was kinda
I was hesitant to go bc I kinda knew it would be like a second breakup
Yesterday but it went okay
where’s the list?
kk
Yeah I mean I expected it but I thought I'd try
This is so dumb it might be an Alex question, but are we doing an nyc bus?
Resting bitch face with be on
Okay
Hahaha
No animosity though
She seemed to take it fine although it was a little messy for me
Well she said she wants to stay apart
I didn't say hi lmao
If you scroll up a bit
Pretty much everything I told you about
In ciw
Alex?
The blonde one
I saw your friend
I'm holding up
I am witnessing the most savage dead lift fest ever right now
stupid adhd
thanks
got it
yo remind me what the conclusion was on bowling?
That we talked
Nothing happened
Nah we just talked
She didn't tell you?
Yis I did
What's up
It's goin
I think it's a beautiful proof
Did you spank him 
Good
Good
He thinks he's hot stuff
What an ass
If people are on mobile and stuff it's gotta be easy 
Hmm. Pdf won't be as widely seen. Just text 
Def
Yes
The world needs to know
Post it!!!!!!!
I’m gonna print it and put it on my wall
post it?
this is awesome
jk i don’t know latex
yea got it
should i latex it real quick
this is amazing
got it
oh oh 
lost me on the injective thing, is that just 1-1 theorem?
damn this is good
Great great i needed that info thank you man I'll get back to you tomorrow
And sweet
Can it by "with J. Fischer"?
Kk. Pdf it then post in CdT?
Haha want to comment it?
All good It's not too important, i left you a voicemail whenever you get a chance
Maybe given there are infinite memes, they can be made dank by adding 69/420?
I was thinking by appending memes they get dankest
Can you think of a proof for this?
:( k
U going to WIC?
Okay, thanks
Hey, were you the one who went to go pick up the food from Nezuntoes at Local Hack Day?
Yeah I didn't think so. Thanks erik, I'll try and figure something out
Hey Erik do you know how to set up a printer on busecure without the option to put in username and password
you da man
otherwise we’ll keep it low i think
kk
how long till we’d have to make that bus decision:?
itai doesn’t mind waiting 2-3 days. if we see a significant increase we’ll keep the bigger bus. how close can you cut this?
cornell
hows leon from corneal?
knock the bus down to 47
one hoe from maryland - baltimore county instead of college park
Reword that however you need it, but this is the level of specificity that I want so we can an accurate estimate of the cost.
About getting OCCT stuff up and running, here’s verbatim what I sent Alex to pass along: “That’d be great. We’d need to know how much it would cost to run OCCT service from campus to the hackathon that morning (so, a bus every 15 minutes from the Union from 8:45 AM until 10:30 AM), and to get back on Sunday (so a bus every 15 minutes from 12:30 PM that Sunday until 1:30 PM).”
imma get you that data so my boy erik can start fucking up buses
This seems up your ally I had to share https://msdn.microsoft.com/microsoftstudentpartners
Erik!!!!
I do what I can
I need to organize myself
Bleh
Judging by the Groupme I think I still have time...
Secret penguin is then too?
Wait, when is our first peer meeting?
But yeah, that totally makes sense
"We settled down after a bit"- you dawg 😉
Dawww, see?! All it takes is a little confidence, and apparently the Office lol. Good for you :) what happened after?
DAMN, that's awesome!! Was this at the bars? What did she look like?
I was thinking about binging a few things up that we loved to do but I know it'll make her really sad and idk if I should do that to her
Idk what order to ask them in
Bc I didn't see this coming
And if this is worth throwing everything we had to the side
Ask her if she's been feeling as shittily as I have
Then after my expected yes I wanna know what we're doing. Just going our separate ways or whatever
Well first of all I want to know if this is what she wants
What to u mean
How awful I've been feeling
By how I'm feeling I mean like
I wanted to tell her cuz idk it may give me some satisfaction that I'm not the only one shell shocked here
I want her to know how I'm feeling but at the same time I don't want to make her feel worse about everything
I'm kind of blanking out in what to say tomorrow
Yo
What'd you get up to?
Meh it was okay, I got my best time for the 3k but I'm still pretty slow comparatively...baby steps lol
No chance bruh?
Thesis stuff :( 
Wahh so much work! 
Good!! That's awesome to hear 😁
How was your weekend?
Ayyyyy
Erik got game 😉
That sounds awesome 😁
Haha okay! But yayyyy! 
Oy haha I dunno if Bing bar conversations are necessarily the best indication of intelligence and interest 😝
Hahaha go Erik!!! Smooth 😉😉😉
Hahahaha
Lol autocorrect!!!! Hahaha I meant to write oooh la la****
Okay waiting!
Poop oooh 😏😏😏😋😋😋
Ohhhh????????? 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
I was at aepi most of the night and then Darren and I went to Dillingers for like 45 min then went home 
It's okay! I know you had other stuff going on :) what'd you do last night? I'm sorry I didn't answer 
Ya :/ 
Now I have a lot of work to do lol 
But it was fun otherwise 
Sigh 
Aepi had a party but the fun with that kinda went down the drain bc I was totally sober and my friend was having a really hard time with a break up 
But he came back last night 
Darren went home to be with his mom, his grandfather passed away last week :/ 
Shabbat was relaxing 
Weekend was good! 
I hope it works out Erik! 
I know it's really awkward and tough now though :( it always sucks when things like this happen :/ 
Okay that sounds like a good plan! 
But definitely try to be cognizant of how he's feeling 
I'm generally of the opinion that people shouldn't lose friends because of conflicts like this 
I guess in the end of the day it depends how he feels 
I know what you mean :( 
I mean I guess play it by ear 
Tough 
:/ 
Like how often do you speak to her? 
Are you close with her? 
And yeah that is always a tough spot to be in :/ 
That does sound very good :) 
Are you specifically asking if you can still be friends with the ex gf?
I mean you just need to be there to support him obviously. There isn't much you can do. Offer to listen and just be there 
Oh man that's tough :( 
Front or back
Ight lmk
What's up?
Hii of course! 
Word
Rolandos?
nice nice
It also has butch as a king, checking Bossy, which was weird. It must have been 2 weeks before the Islanders got him.
It's also had Esposito and Dionne, 4 of the  6 all time leading scorers . The were missing Hull and Jagr for the top 6.
The nhl network is showing the 1980 all star game. It has a 51 year old Gordie Howe and a 19 year old Gretzky, numbers 1 and 2 all time in goals.
Taveras won the accuracy competition. He hit 4 targets in 5 shots in 12 seconds.
Is it just a parody of jumpman?
Lol what the hell is facts by kanye
Ok
Yea please
I also don't want you to tell her that I want to speak to her on Monday 
Cool
Nigger
Cuz stupids
You'll probably be a garbage man one day
Your best sucks
Idiot
No it's about making the fucking bus so we can get trashed
Lol idiot 
Good shiz
We were all so let down Erik!!! 
Cool
Could you possibly take me and josh to get beer?
But yeah
I'm at c4 atm
What's up
Nothin
Hey Erik, I just assigned a call to you
Lol okie
?
In the food area
Where r u?
I'm hereeee
Napped for too long lmao
Coming now!
Thanks tho!
I got a friend to do it for me lol
How do you feel about going off campus for dinner
No don't be sory I tote understand!!
t each point to say the country name
I made a table w three headers country, total trade,and  gdp. Now I want to make a scatter plot w gdp on horizontal axis, total trade on vertical and wan
Are you good at excel I'm struggle bussing hard right now
Erik !!!
You fuck hahah
Literally just finished eating breakfast burrito
I'm doing yoga at 330 but how about app dinner at 6 ?
Yes that'd be great
I'd rather not explain over text
I know this is like dynamic changing
comes to you about it.
I have some news... Nick and I broke up Thursday night. I figured he would've told you by now but obviously not. Please don't mention it to him until he 
Erik
Well
Thank you for loving me
Can you bring me ginger ale please
I cannot right now
Maybe later
GINGER ALE
Not sure
Hm
Whatever is necessary
Well we must make plans or moves or spaceships
I think I'm dead
Aight fam jam
I've been puking since 7 am
Have you spoken to Nick recently?
Play date time college edition
We need to fix this ASAP
This is Therese I promise we know each other
I miss your face
Erik
Pssst
Do you want to swoll down
I'm going to squat later
I love it
preach
Did you talk to girls
John 
That I lift with?
Which
Fuck yea
I was asleep
#atwfen 
#swag
Ok
Where'd you go?
Still there
You still alive buddy?
Just got back to your apt
Are you coming
Lel
That's me
I'm going out but I took Advil so not drinking
Lol no we prob won't go to bars til like 1
Literally filing my nails but u can come over lol
OMG!!!!
11pm!!
And a communist 
Very nice
We're playing shot roulette 
Yeah douchebags!!!!!!
What do you have 
Yes 
Aren't jinj and I enough??
We told people 11
Yeah sure homie 
Okie
Let me see
Did you try it on
Is it long enough
Do khakis
What color are your jeans
Bitches love that
Hot
That's got
Get the sweater in like a large
Or a button down
Like a white or black tshirt
And like be right above your butt crack
Those kinda things shouldn't be too fitted
Like a t shirt
I like the green one you sent
Okie
who are they
Lol WHAT
yeesh that must suck
not for anything i said but just for him
nah i kinda feel bad
good bc i hate him
Coming
Coming sorry I'm putting on pants
Okie
does he hate me
I guess I love you
Fine
Would've taken 5 seconds to answer
I asked how you were
And you were just bitchy
I called to see if we could move up dinner to 6
I don't know?
If you're gonna be rude not really about it
Why were you being so rude before?
6:30 like we said
hows alex
6:30?
I parked my car in a really prime parking spot
Can you come get us
Thx Obama
Unsee
Now can't under
I never noticed it until you brought it up so much
His fucking retardation is too much
When you get off this shift you're gonna love this convo
I want to try lost dog
Dinner today??
Erik
Plz teach me caffe so I am not pleb
Level of cunt goes up another ten points 
Yeah np work comes first
Idw someone to say yes first
Plz answer. Idw say that. I've been shitting on him too much lately 
Fuck him
I want say "I don't see the value of demoing clarifai over any other random API. It doesn't really benefit people per se, better that they know how to use web APIs in general. There's no reason to give his company special treatment. They're not even sponsoring"
I want to shoot down Alex
You look pretty busy
Here I come
A different week then :)
Ohhh! Okay I got you 
I'm gonna deliver them if so
Nope next period. Do Tuesday is it
If so need them ASAP I need to take time sheets now
Do you have other hours on your time sheet other then Tuesday
so sorry

Let's take it into a field and smash it Office Space style
Does it sound that way with all devices, or just your phone or something?
Okie
Daytime play??
Why??
I don't think so
I guess they did an analysis and it was cheaper to buy then to lease.
Citi bought 388 Greenwich for $2billion yesterday.
I already told everyone you're coming 😁
Youre coming to Hayes tomorrow night right? 
Can I haz?
I WANT 
😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
But if you do that I have to see tomorrow then!!
You're a pussy
I'm not sure I can text you when we're leaving?
We're gonna go to bars  if you wanna meet up on state street
I like Austin, didn't know what his work was like though 
Off campus isn't an automatic no! 
Your license came. I'll mail it.
How about you? 
Idk the other kids too well 
Maybe maybe maybe Alejandra but that's a big maybe 
No one else from my team 
Haha 
Me toooooo
Bless her heart 
Beth is the only one who does it without any problems 
😑
Yeah. Lots of chasing  
All sorts of issues 
It definitely takes me more than 15 min to deal with my ResCons 
Hahaha 
So how long do you put down for logsheets/end of pay period check ins and whatnot? 
It's ok! :) 
Eriiiik
Wooooo I wanna meet your friends!
At the social place thing you were telling me about?
ill ask caro where she’s gonna go because she’s housing me
I’m coming
don’t be a bitch
where?
swag
I’m coming to bing today
Was dealing with the printer thing and I have to run to class :( friendship soon? Come to Hayes this week! 
How long do you put down at the end of each log sheet for checking in with your team and going over shit? 
Is it in the engineering building? 
Ooh actually I might be able to stop by at 4 
Duh it's purple!!
How are you Erik? :) 
Found it lol 
Also I can't find the spring logsheets? 
Birthday present since my birthday is during hack bu??? Hahaha 😝
And if there's a purple one this year I'd totes do anything for that 
But I've wanted the ones from last year forever they're so soft 😁
I have help desk hours then class :( 
Are the shirts purple this year too? 
Haha on the help desk sign 😁
I want!!! 
Purple hack bu sticker????????
I think I'm good, there's too much going on
Oh, as far as rescon plans I'll be off campus next year, so I guess I'm out
I feel less functional
I don't even remember c
👍🏼👍🏼
I'd say 56 people
Between RPI and Albany I think we can fill it up, no? Have you gotten any responses from RPI people directly saying they'd want to send students?
I'm in class 😬
I thought there was lab...
I'm not in 320 lol
At least he can get some things right 
/uj this is not acceptable to tell the freshmen
Gains. I'll be in touch for sure. Chilling in FL with you is a main priority of mine, muah muah!
don't want it to seem like I'm just going away all the time, you know. 
I will as soon as I can. Only reason I haven't booked yet is because I'm trying to time it right when I can tell my boss. I'm going away next week, so I 
i agree 
 you...near end of May
Pretty much yes. Sorry I forgot to tell you. I still have to alert my job before I can purchase the tickets but it's gonna be those original dates I told
and ok. when you go, text me
that’s definitely true
also when were you going to 240? i can come
Cool 
Gotta have that live feedback 
But have fun at the bar. How about during the hackathon every once and a while we go in a corner and jerk/talk about what's going on 
I'm the delegation monster 
Nah that's not 301 I feel like. More management/engineering theory probably 
Can't wait for Itai to be lame duck
Fuck
Dependency management 
That timeline
That assigning of tasks tho
That Gantt chart tho
Teamwork looks so sweet
It's cool bc you and I also have fairly natural divisions of labor. I never worked on external stuff at all. 
All this is after feb obviously 
Yea
Like if we want to build a job board (don't talk about this with anyone right now) I'll have my guys do it with formal software like teamwork
I'd talk about this with you first but I might try out some different techniques with my team this spring to prep for next year and see how it works
Itai is obviously amazing, but it's amazing anything gets done
I'm not joking 
And chipotle at the hackathon 
We will have enterprise level project man agent systems for the team 
Have you ever heard of a fucking Gantt chart??
You know what I realized? This is a retarded mess
Call me any time in the next half hour-hour if you want to circlejerk 
There's no one I'd rather do it with
This will be the conclusion and highlight of our college careers
We will easily be the best hackathon ever put on here and possibly in the best of all time. BU does rank in between MIT and Harvard in mlh. 
It will be better, not worse than ever
I also officially decided as of today that I'm super excited for next year. We are both highly competent people 
I was just gonna circlejerk with you
"Uuh I'm at a dinner for m-" SHUT THE FUCK UP
Meeting
Our
Forgot
Fucking
Alex
Ok. thanks
Like you're guaranteed to be at the Erik ones?
Confirming that the classes in doc are the ones you ARE going to and the ONLY ones
 don't wanna buy one
Also do you have a calculator that isn't graphing that you can lend me?
Is that for realsy?
Omg
Yes of course!!!!
I'll be out fri and sat this semester as long as ik
Healthy
SPIRITED
She's sick lol and I so would but I'm at bball game
lmfao ikr
action figure! I was so excited when I saw it lmfao I had to purchase it, since I love the zelda series 
I know you're not a big zelda fan but I thought you'd like to see this. I went today to gamestop to buy a wii u pro controller and I found this 20" Link 
Lol, I won't drop it but I'll be sure to write that on my soot survey
 fifth grade, too 😒
I learned about stem and leaf graphs today. I learned about them in
I have yet to see her smile. She said something mildly funny and half the class laughed and she just continued on, deadpan
Sadly yes :(
👍🏼👍🏼
Probs not
Do you know any other schools along the way? (I don't, off the top of my head, but if you do we can potentially add them...)
Goodnight :)
Shhhh you're beautiful, Erik
All guys have the same hurdle, you're not the only one putting in effort. Just jump as high as you can and let the rest take care of itself
😬
Girls are too big to fit on a silver platter
Just putting yourself out there and in situations to strike up conversations is perfect, keep doing that and you'll be fine
That's awful
Nooooo
Thursday night?
Lmfao completely agree
:(
But I may have to take my manual exam early Thursday so trivia may be a no go now
Why wouldn't it be? Lol
Props for going up to her, though, that's not easy 👍🏼
Nice!
Ayeeee! :D
Damn 😔
Wanna come?
My room
What do you do to deal with Rick?
We're still going :/
I think just reading, I'm pretty sure it's on blackboard
Not coming lol
me too
Boston
do you wanna go if i do it?
it’s a monday night
I MAY MAY MAY open for Post Malone on February 8
Boner
I may join you after
No lol I'm getting c4
Um
I don't have any work yet
Gonna get food at c4
I need to eat
Wanna get foods?
Hopefully by 7 😬
I have a bit of work as well tho
That's awful
That might just be crazy enough to work 
Okay lol, I'm stop by when we finish up
I may meet you later
Damn Erik
Are you doing work already
How long will you be there? I have to meet with Annika Sofia and Alex for club stuff at 6
Or maybe just some ikea furniture 
I'm going to build a squat rack
MAYBE
Ok
Should I register for hackbu without ideas and talent 
Gotcha okay sounds good
Okay, that's fine
We can probably even let her know tonight after our meeting
Ty, I'll take a look
swerty swerty
I know it's late but it's the only free time we have
plz do the thing bb :*
Also, would you be free to meet for HackBU tonight at 9:00-ish?
She still hasn't given us a deadline? We need a deadline ASAP
Also yeah, we've got $23K
Coming in a minute! 
Text me when you're heree
See you there! 
Haha okay cool so I'll go straight there then 
When are you heading over there actually? Should I go home first? 
No I'm good thank you!! I'm waiting for the 7:30 bus :) 
Sounds perfect
Yaaassss
Tho*
We can still get turnt thro
I'm so maaaaaddddduh
Idkkkkkk
I want to go though
Idk
I think
It's cancelled!
We must bond soon
Hbu?
Pretty much
Ay boy, I currently have a Monday Tuesday Thursday schedule
Okay, seems like everyone should be free tomorrow evening; just confirming when Jack will be available. Can you ask Chris what time works for him?

As for reimbursement, it’ll just be easier to post now, promote it with your card now, and just save the receipt and get reimbursed.
Tomorrow night for what, meeting up? (If so, I agree, just need to figure out what time everyone is free. When do you get out of class?)
Also, $10 should be plenty to promote the post to everyone we can reach.
Hey, awesome! Yes, we should. Do you know how to do that?
Also, when are you free to meet tomorrow, if at all, to discuss HackBU stuff? Is your evening free?
Lol
Hey Anthony, it's Wilson from UFC Gym. How did you like everything yesterday?
All good though bro. 
Incredible how that shit works huh?
Thank you anyways, Erik. You're a great friend. 
 Won't make it*. Don't come. I got another ride. 
Won't make it yet. 
Says 26 minutes. 
Thank you my nigfa 
Ahhahaa 
The fact that you're even waiting til then is the nicest thing ever 
I 100% understand. 
Absolutely not a problem dude. 
Thank you so much man. 
Word. 
It's saying 44 minutes. 
Kk 
What time you got class?
 It says about an hour. But the way this mother fucker is driving, it can be much faster and I can def be wrong. 
Lmao 
This was the fucking dumbest and longest day of my entire life. 
I had a dream that I was a football announcer and commented on a play by one D'Marcus Allenclad Jr. It was important to me that I told you this lol
Loved that shit
High school floor hockey was bomb 
Hockey is a fun sport to play.
g back quick lol
Oh cool, hah, yeah it's a fun time. I used to be good when I was younger. Now I have so much MASS it's hard to move around out there, (jk) but it's comin
Btw, when I had to go before, I was about to start playing a pickup roller hickey game at an outdoor rink I found nearby. Dini is skating again! Lol
Yeahhhhh buddy! 
I'm going to collect gains 
No chance
Im feeling marginalized right now
No
Here!
Sure, I'll be there at 7:30 then?
Want me to pick you up?
Do yo thang I'll see what's doin
Idk where I'll be exactly
Wanna chill and get food after?
Lmao ok
Maybe I'll cancel the shit
nhytell628@gmail.com
Tits
Leggo
That works! Only diners I can think of atm are Denny's and Park..do you wanna try someplace different?
Yeah definitely! Does like 7:00 or 7:30 work?
I'm a pussy
Nvm I'm gonna buy the books
And hibbler mechanics of materials 9th edition
I need hibbler dynamics 14th edition 
The meal prep you mention is what I do as well. It's the best approach to staying consistent. Think about that offer. I gotta run. Talk soon!
Check check sodium and other sources on the chicken. Sometimes that stuff is low grade meat, and salt heavy
Yes sir
grams of kale, and splash some apple cider vinegar into it for taste. Either or works :) hope this helps.
been adding 1 heaping tbsp of coconut oil and mashing it into the tuna lately for more taste and better consistency. Alternatively, I used to mix in 100 
Hey! I typically use 7oz can of chunk lite tuna in water, and mix it with half of a 15.25oz can of kidney beans. I drain both cans before mixing. I have 
Okay good! Sleep well :) 
Got home okay?
Thank you Erik!! 
Just woke up from my nap, no it doesn't cost anything but there's a facebook thing you can enter on to get a free drink. I'm headed there now
😐
I suck lol
Yea, I guess it depends on who you use most consistently :/
Upstairs! 
Best character to smash with?
Jen says Shalom aleichem!
Jen David and a bunch of Hayes people 
I'm there already for the last hour! 
Dillys?
It's a business where you can sell gift cards that you don't want and they just made a deal with barnes and noble (bu's bookstore) so you can use old or unwanted gift cards to buy your books. And they're having a launch party at Dillingers. Bout to nap to prepare for it
That's fucking awful, Jesus Christ 😐
Party starts at 12 at Dills for card cash, i'm not sure if i'm going yet
Ight
Cool
Ight
Not here
Barry ain't here yet
Justin may want to come
Raul is fraternizing tonight
Word up
So cod would not be considered making something of today?
Lol I'm not looking to drank if that's what you wanted
Cod?
Nah
Gotcha 
You do
Prolly not doing much 
Sup 
that was cool
Remember when we just sat in the grass in rome and read books
Like dog Shit wrapped in cat shit
Wth kinda show is that?!
I'm gonna die 
I take back everything I said. I was still drunk when I said I was good 
These texts are great hahahah
Sick
Do you have lots of pals in that class
I see fear in jacks eyes when he looks at me
Fucking jack
No 
Hahahaha
Oh boy
I've been assigned as the 375 TA
THEN
If I squat tomorrow than my Tuesday front squat is fucked
Bottom fucking line
The routine is the routine
Not a chance
No
Didn't exactly sleep well
I am pretty tired
Derp 
Deep
I'm going soon to #squat
Sunday is an off day
So I'm pretty sure people are still coming for tomorrow. Everything is now much earlier. Ceremony is at 3 and reception is at 6
I'm still going
Postponed until tomorrow :(
So it got postponed to tomorrow. Rn we are playing pool and drinking at the hotel
Wow. That chubacca snuggie last night. You're clutch ty for that also
I was watching the map on the weather channel and it looked like it was south of Binghamton by only a few miles.
Piling up. They say between 1-2 ft. Are u getting it up there?
Can't wait
Okie dokie I'll text ya
I was so out of it i just groaned and went on with the day
My friend is throwing a party tonight at Dillingers for his company card cash if you wanna go round two
I really wanna go out for trivia Wednesday
But I may get slammed with work :/
Also, your rug and aztek blanket are such a good combo thanks for that
Yes, hopefully!
:/
So can't get turnt this weekend
Alive and well. I turned your computer on this morning to check my bus route but there was a fan error so i let it be
I'm coming back tomorrow now
Change of plans
Well
I'm basically just looking for pancakes lol
'd be down to try that
I just experienced Cracker Barrel for the first time a few weeks ago, it was delicious but it's not the closest...I don't think I've ever been to iHop, I
Taveras finally scored. I think Boychuk is back after the all star break.
Isles got Hammer back last night and he played really well.
Where should we go?
Dinfast it is. I always get eggs anyway
Yeah, at least they'll get a good year out of him.
Oh good call, I'll be back by tomorrow afternoon - wanna do Sunday night dinner?
I'm actually heading up to Syracuse today, I'm taking off soon :/ bro brunch before class Monday?
Well, I still stand by a lot of girls have nice butts
Mhmm
You'd bang 50-60% of the girls on campus right? That means 50-60% of butts are acceptable
Not really, a lot of girls have great butts
 Having the worst night of her life and didn't want to talk to anyone? You never know
ithout it, she might not have been as pretty as you think. You also can't take her walking away personally - maybe she had a bf? Maybe she was plastered?
Aw, Erik, don't even think about her. For one, if you could tell she was wearing makeup she was probably wearing a lot. Girls can look really different w
Proud of it 
You are correct 
I was very drunk for no reason 
Why you ask?
Yea just dropped Bob off at home 
Mets got Cespedes. That's a nice surprise. They could be the best team in baseball.
No you
Too drunk for this 
But prolly to alex ?
I'm so sorry 
I honestly don't know.  
At Wilson s 
Home 
Too  fixtured I what up
What side Erik duxoti
Please weeklong n it
Allllllllllll
Outside dills 
Where Fe tha meow. Eke?
??
Yes
Erik
Are
You
No 
 Fuck
I'm inside
Where you  at now
I'm right in front smoking a CIGARETTE 
Sort of
BUT
TOMS
Tons
Fuck you
Right now
Now
Toms
Will do :)
Who's chase?
I'm level 10 snuggling in my bed
Peeping out
Coming 1 sec
☺️
🐙🐙🐙
Hmmm
This is true...
Yeah, I suppose :/
I'm walking dt soon
 Uh
Uhhhhhh
Insult Erik
That's so like you
Ask him about me
He's a nice kid
Exactly
Must preserve alpha status
I said no
He asked me if I knew you
Yes
Loldawg 
Komal was my data mining partner 
Whatever
Where the fuck are you
My house
#machinelearning
Please use some context
You have immediately conjoined
That's a great auto correct
What about all your beautiful female friends that you've and exist
Not on my account
Take it however
I couldn't dominate you like I could jack
Jacks really more my type anyway
Is jack coming with you
Faggot
Which makes you gay
I'm going to fuck you
Me too
Good
@you
@erik
Are you going to #toms
Whatever
Back
Are you home
at to do :/
She said her team does agile development, so I mean that's good exposure...but I feel like I should be hands-on writing code at this point, so I dunno wh
Cashing out where you at
I dunno
pply for real jobs...But I'm afraid if I don't take it and I don't get another offer...I'll be in a lot of trouble
So I got an offer from John Deere the other day, but it doesn't sound like I'd be coding and I'm afraid I won't be getting the experience I need once I a
I just threw an application at DirecTV, FootLocker, and I'm doing one for Garmin now
Literally Everywhere
oh baby
Welcome back :)
n(y)ce
Nah, I'm sleepy manda and I was planning on doing applications til I fall asleep. Did you just get in today?
ugh
I already have tentative plans for tomorrow w/ Tufo, but we should probably meet for HackBU stuff on Sunday, so perheps we can hang out before/after?
looking forward 2 seeing you
nice, good
Whatcha up to?
Ayeeee
how u doin’ otherwise bb
*dope
dope, sir, dipe
Good to know, ty bb
She didn’t say when we have to get back to her by, though?
fantastic i appreciate it
/uj if I’m suffering in algorithms will you help me
Also beers and FIFA at Christians tonight be there or be gay
Well I didn't actually phrase it like that but kind of did hahaha
 call it back and it was a dead line. Think it was one of the fuckin NYC add lines
Also got a call from a NYC number this morning as I'm getting of the phone with a parent on the advising line. I miss the call on the last ring and go to
 the class that would be great hahaha
I feel like I'm running extortion on him I phrased the email basically like if you can register me for 2 more credits of midi pending my friends can take
O Jesus
Waiting on Craig hopefully he pulls through
Go for it
Yeah. Thank you for texting.  We will be in touch.  Love you.
Ok I will try it again.  Same user id n pw...right?
Down I'm out at 5
Oh great.  Let me know later about the tuition 
Leroys  later?
Yea sorry it's been fuckin nuts just had like 20 people come in simultaneously
Let me know when u get back to Binghamton
Ok
You left a M&T visa debit card here that expires 7/16.
d in I was like...wowwwwww. It feels like the 70s right now
Good lol, oh fuck yea I did. They took my blood and I don't do well with needles. The nurse gave me medicine through IV to numb the pain. Once they kicke
Lol I was high as a kite when I got out. How was the drive?
:-) 
Ok. It is on autopay.
You got a letter from geico saying you missed the Jan payment and you have to pay by feb 3rd or they are canceling your policy.
AHHHHHHHH
Just say yes
Don't disappoint me
Have you been lifting
Ok .see you then.
ok going
 btw I'm good if u wanna come now or sometbing but if no that's fine 
I got in and was redirected to the quikpay site and Now I can't get into quikpay with the user id n pw
hold on hold on I need to see which one bc some of those r my moms
thanks you too!
THANK YOU ERIK!!!
I see now I entered ur id incorrectly 
Don't worry about it, happens a lot to me too. :) :P

Haha, I actually wanted to ask you to ask her when they need to know by. I think registration can open today, so once it does, we (you + Tim + whoever) should let RPI, RIT, and Cornell know so we get signups from them. The more we get the sooner we can finalize the busses.
red Cross lmfao
can u pick me up at 3.30 instead of 2? I have a club meeting 
I can't get in bu brain with the login n pw provided
One sec
Cool
15 min?
When can you get me
Ok
Do u know what time u are leaving tmrw?
But this is the best thing I've seen in a couple weeks
Il stop sending you dank stuff
https://mobile.twitter.com/cam_joseph/status/689622097765756928
LOVE U THANK U for being my friend 
Is all your Landry in the bag? Can I start the laundry?
Walking to it
Cool
Solid
I'm by eight street field, can you get me there?
Actually wait a little
I'm be home in like 20
Yup yup
Yup. Hopping in shower now
Chill where we going
Anyone else coming
I'm running an errand with my dad, I'll let you know when I get back
Yeah I plan on going out much before I have a ridiculous amount of responsibility so we will definitely get turnt togetha
What time
Here
Be ready in 5 mins
Coming
Play
Me
Come play
Classic E 40
I'm leaving earlier than planned and I needa make rounds with mother, father, and the grand rents before I go
I'm feeling like rockaway can't happen this week
Idk yet, what's up
Down
At carolines
aw thanks :) I'm going up early on Friday
Ok see you then. Good luck with traffic. 
Yeah!
Alex is home all day. Come whenever it works for you. Lunchtime  or when you want.  Then I am home around 4. 
For Thursday dinner,  do you like mushrooms?  Also option to eat out. Do you have a preference for a particular type food?
Haha. Ok will do
Ok what is the website
Ok
Send me the email with ur user id n pw
I shall, you can hang with me when I prep for my colonoscopy tomorrow lol
How much is it
Don't know when we'll be back
We are currently at my aunts house in river head
hey! my dad is actually gonna take me up to Bing so I don't need you to pick up clothes for me! thank you though!
Lol not at all, I fell asleep
My friend cat just sent it to me and I'd thought you would appreciate it
Oh word
Anyone hanging tonight
Chilling wbu
Yo
It's all good buddy, I'm pretty exhausted myself
7
Hey are you down to trivia tonight?
That's not a bad idea. Would you mind checking with the Sharethebus lady to see if extending the RPI route would be possible/how much extra would it cost?

Then we'll see how many folks sign up from which schools and plan accordingly.
Nigga
GEICO Policy: Your $111.37 payment for policy ending in 7488 was unsuccessful.  Visit www.geico.com or 1-800-932-8872 to pay. Reply STOP to end texts.
just let me know a little before hand
either one is fine!
hey! what time do you wanna come? 
GEICO Policy: Policy ending in 7488 will CANCEL on 02/03 @ 12:01AM unless $111.37 is paid. Use geico.com/express or 800-932-8872. Reply STOP to end texts.
Ok
Lmao, that's understandable, skiing is scary at first. I miss it a lot :/ where'd you go?
Those routes sound good enough for me; I dunno, what do you think? Can we fill a whole bus with RPI folks, and another one with RIT + Cornell?
yes sounds good! I should probably pack that... :)
Hey bud, just a quick question: for the different bus routes (RPI & RIT), which schools are we hitting there? Can the RPI bus stop at Cornell? Does the RIT bus stop anywhere but RIT? I want to open up registration as soon as Jack can get it up, and I want to know which schools we should focus on hitting most (those we can get busses to). 
aww okay that's fine then!
hey Erik!! so it's ok if you can't, but what are the chances that you can give me a ride up on Friday? I'd provide entertainment in the form of bad singing 🙃
Did you just stay on the bunny hill?
Hahahaha, I wish I could have seen
Kk
Yup on the way. Dunkin?
Ready to roll
Yo
No worrie
If you wanna come over to watch the football games later you are welcome to come
Gonna be low 20s tomorrow
Yeah I spent like $50 I think
Yeah venmo works!  Just $10 is fine. You bought me a couple beers haha
Yup
“Gotta go with Kendrick, I’m just saying. I think Drake is an outstanding entertainer but Kendrick, his lyrics, his last album was outstanding. Best album I think last year,” Obama said.


“This one? This is your final answer? You don’t want to phone a friend?”

“This one is a little too conservative. Too much. Too much fabric,” Obama said.

And the President also weighed in on flexed his pop culture muscle by choosing Kendrick Lamar in a rap battle, at least against Drake.


““The American people really want to know this one,” Thorne said during a round of pop culture questions. “If you had to pick a pair of pants for your dog, A or B?”

“No, you gotta go with this,” Obama said, pointing to the second photo of a dog wearing pants on two legs, and rejecting the four-legged version.”
“Adande Thorne, also known as sWooZie, asked the president about an Internet meme created by Maxim Magazine’s Jared Keller.”
did you hear about obama and the kendrick thing
Change of plans. Leaving at 5:30
Bring a pillow and a sleeping bad
I guess when you get back
I have to go to the mall to get tania a gift. Wanna go to the food court
We didn't  get anything .r u sure it went to the Westbury address? U can probably get a duplicate at the d mv.
You should get one tho
Oops, I guess jinju and I were getting it confused with something else
Are you still at Antonio's
Coming in hot
Kk
Gucci. Be there in 15. Antonia's right
Ok cool
Sup dude, are you alright with sleeping over and coming home Monday?
Lol kk
Ok cool. Thought, should we go to sports authority instead with antonio to get some deals
Cool cool. So I'll pick you up at like 4
We're going to dicks too if you need stuff
I'm gonna go shopping with Adam at like 4 to get snacks and shit if you want to come
Hey man. Hat gloves scarf ski pants if you have, thermals long socks sun glasses
Yeah sounds good
When do you wanna do textbooks 
Yo boi
Helen said u are going away this weekend. When are leaving and coming back?
I'm at grandmas already. Maybe you come with me Tuesday to grandmas.
Haha yeah I gotta review those
Sweet
That's what I've been doing sense 930
Yeah yo
What's up
I put your new proof of car ins by the front door. Put it in your car . It expired 1/13.
 that laptop, and even though it would turn on the screen was completely black. I tried it out again over break, and now it works lol
Sorry! I got Kyle Goodwill actually installed Ubuntu for me freshman year, it's partitioned with Windows. Near the end of the semester I flat out dropped
Fuck y
3 quarter zip navy pulllover
Appreciate the potential help tho!!!!! You da you da best
Gotta get that cavity filled u feel me
So I can get real mad
Il wait till we get to school 
There's a back story
But not that
Yes
U off the hook. Thank you so much anyways tho
Erik!!! My roommate got me for the ride
well maybe tim hung
no cunts on the team next year
not sad he’s leaving
YOURE SO FUCKING TURD
STOPEFJKSHKLFJSDHFKALSEJDFHKLSDJHFSDLKJFSDFJKLHDSIULKFH
FUCKING ALEXC
Picking up Caro
Playyyy
Come if you want
I mean why not
Lol
I didn't know that until right now when Chrissy told me
I thought you were coming
If I need it for sure around 1:15 if you're around
I possibly need a chauffeur Tuesday to my dentist appt lolol
Syosset
Erik!!! How close do u live to me on island
I try my best
Lmao
Unless you really want to drive for some reason
I'm driving!  I can get everyone
That's fine I'll be here
I'm at my house right now actually
ave time? Did my dad talk to you about it? 
Hey, I know you and Chrissy are going to dinner tonight, could I send her with Lydia's computer to  give to you if you could take a look at it when you h
Various things with various people
Lots
Yeah, basically. Because it's Excel, you can't really interface with it programmatically; all you can do is sort of take screenshots of it really quick.

You could get lower-level and write a driver that makes the Oculus appear as an external monitor, and then any application windows that get rendered on that monitor are up to you to render (so you can do anything you might want with it), but now you're writing a driver and that's poopy.

The other scenario that I can think of is writing a VM in which Excel can run (and then you control the entirety of the environment in which the program runs), but now you're writing a VM which is even poopier.

Basically, it's possible, but with a _lot_ of work.
Basically... Not really possible, unless you could make those programs web apps and just have web views on the sides of this GL cube.
It makes sense, but depending on how you're looking to do it, it's not possible.

So if you have a program A, you can't just arbitrarily embed it in program B and have program B show A's UI. For this to work, you'd have to either run A offscreen somehow, take a screenshot at 60 FPS, display the image within B, and have B send all clicks and stuff to be simulated within A. That would be incredibly taxing and inefficient.

If program A and program B are written together (and can be designed and written simultaneously), you can do some cross-process communication to have A tell B how to render its views and such, but that's a ridiculous amount of work. I've only ever seen one implementation of this done, and it's internal to Apple's frameworks. It's a huge burden to maintain.
Text me next week or I'll text you and if it works it works
I'm more of a sporadic type of gal
I usually bail out of those lol
Let's not make plans ahead of time
I have plans Tuesday
Not good lol
However I forgot he has a Nets game tonight
Go for it
I was gunna suggest you and Nick come to Rockaway tonight
Nigga
Yooooo
Jenn and I both miss having our own space and not being confined to tiny rooms at our families' houses.

Also there's lots of HackBU work to be done and I want to get started with stuff before the semester starts.
I guess. I can't figure out how to send emails in the folder
Didn't get that far. I read that you had to create a filter to send multiple emails but it didn't pick up all the emails we had in that particular folder 
I did and I can't figure it out. Need to create filter but we have emails in a folder and the filter did not pick up all the emails in the folder. 
Do u know how to forward multiple emails in Gmail such as emails contained in a folder (label)
I'm coming back to school tomorrow, so I'll be there by the time you get back. :)
I know, me too! <3 I miss you, handsome.
When are you coming back to school?
Lololololol, just thought the writing style fit you ;P
Also pretty sure it's a motor bike, which makes it a little bit less funny but still funny
is this you https://i.imgur.com/3JFwteI.jpg
I am :)
You got a zero if you submitted a 240 lab late? Geez
Classic I'm here
No
Beer
Traffic, be there in 30
Prob like 645
Yeah on my way back home
Yeah yo, can you get beer
We can
Yeah where tho
Those are sick books especially Thoreau
Apparently they're like chill bars
Also tomorrow night I think we're gonna go to a floral park bar and chill with Caros friends if you wanna come
Sugar daddy *
Put down wasn't intended.
I have 3 of them. You could have borrowed.
Just who the fuck do you think you are
Quite a selection
Lolbro
Congrats on official jp Morgan!!!!!
Hi stranger
t you know if anything changes. 
Ok so it looks like Saturday, May 21 to Saturday May 28 is highly probable. And we might stay 1 extra day, since it's the holiday on that Monday. I'll le
Actually those dates are wrong. I'm walking to work as I type this so I'm messing up, but I will get back to you later with some solid dates
Go on the weekend if you have your heart set on chicken tikka
I think 3 but I'm not sure
Of may that is
22-28 is most likely 
Actually we planned on going sometime during that period between mid may and early june. It would be a Saturday to Saturday...
Two days in a row is hard on the body
I also ate there yesterday with mom and dad
I'm leaving today
Might be right :/
Yeah I think you're right 
You came out ok though so I think you survived 
That's not great. I wonder what kind of fucked up childhood he had
Yeah definitely feel that
Treat yourself to some Akbar buffet this weekend
Thanks big dawg
Fair enough
LOVE
I fell in live with a Chinese girl Erik I might need you to back me up to visit her in London
/uj did someone make you feel small as a kid?
Has anyone ever told you you might have a problem with aggression?
No prob
What's jack going to do? I'd ask him myself but I think I frighten him
We both did way better than last summer
That's an awesome job congratulations 
Haha nice
IMG I JUST REALIZED I NEVER ANSWERED. hi sorry and CONGRATS ON JP MORGAN 
Are you working for Jp Morgan this break and as a summer intern?
Congrats bud 
Us too! See you next week.:-) 
Confirming your visit for thurs January 21. You can sleep over and leave for school from here. Sounds like a plan?
Thursday is good. Overnight is good.  Alex is off and I should be home around 3:30. I'll check with uncle Alex when he gets home and text you to confirm.  
single tear 
are you going to metro career night
long island?! no
I’m down at meetup on bleeker street
nice
😢😢😢 my spirit will be with u especially if it's chipotle
I'm with my mom so she picked me up lmfao dw about it thanks tho
no dw about it 
Yo city today?
Oh I thought that note on the desk said something.  Did u get a NY bagel?
What's that?
Oh no :(
I think we're doing happy hour
I don't think I really can tomorrow, but I'm down to on Thursday!
Boooooo
I promised Chrissy Thursday because it's her last city day
Oh no :( what do you have Thursday
Yeah sure
Yeah sure, wanna come over
I have to take the 6:59 tmrw morning. We are planning to go to the gym at 5. Make sure u are showered/out of the bathroom by 6 because we all have to take showers.
Getting chicken delight
Maybe later
no problem thnx
hey brotha. tmr my mom isn't able to come pick me up (my school ends at 2.06) she's asking if u r free and can come pick me up instead. is it possible?
Cool
wanna watch New cacame v man u at 245
Yo
Nope, I'm in the 1:15-2:40 :(
Word. Lil Durk, here we come 
We could drive together? 
I may be opening for Lil Durk on February 28 Sunday in Boston. I want you to come. 
are you up
Idk and sound good
Star wars tomorrow?
What's the move
Lets do around like 1ish?
Maybe, what's going on
Are you at home
I'm with jinju and chrissy so well play when we get back to CP!
I'm out to dinner right now but I can plays after
What are we doing tomorrow though!!!
Drugs are SO MUCH FUN
Too
Don't be a dick rule applies to life to
DO YOU WANNA HAPPY HOUR ON THURSDAY IN THE CITY
Chrissy can't because she has city networking stuff
I'm spending all my money on weed anyway so I should tone it down
That's a good idea we should stay away from drugs
LOGRASSO IS JOINING US
I'm eating dinner at home and then idk. Play?
WE CAN GET SO LIT
DUDE YOU CAN OBVIOUSLY SEE JETER
IDC YOU PICK OMG LEYS JUST PLAY
LMAOOO
DRUGS
IM WORKING WHAT ARE YOU DOING TOMORROW
HIIIIII
We were buying business clothes
I was shopping with Emily and Chrissy
Yeah
Watching walking dead with caroline
Only motives
Hehehehe there is no trust ever
Me too
72 lois ct East Meadow NY 11554
K luv u
o back to school. 
Hi Erik.  Sorry to say but both Theresa and I have to work Wednesday when you will be in the city. Hopefully we can get together another day before you g
Dsw is ur best bet
I will
Ok thanks
Hey Erik what was the pay at Griffis if you don't mind me asking
Yes that's fine. 
have mercy 
awww cmon I woke up at 4am today :-(
and use ur head as a trophy 
I will decapitate u
I'll relay that info
thank u slave ❤
hey erik is there a way for u to pick me up today at 3.15 at the school?
Disaster
What did you do wrong
Hi
As of now yeah
Any time after Thursday works
I go to a top 10 university.
You cannot manipulate me.
You're awesome too Erik
Oh.
Wednesday after 5?
I don't have money if that's what you're looking for
What do you want
Aww you just made my day
So the textbook is genuinely helpful?
Is there anything I can do now to prep for 375?
Will lift for food
I spent all my money in Asia
:(
I don't like being home with my parents
 Yes
Thursday
When are you going back
Hookers?
How's your break
Ty
It was awesome
We were in Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam and Hong Kong 
Stores
In the stored
They were in the streets
I was in Bangkok 
Gee why would I go somewhere where my money is worth more and there are hordes of hookers 
I was in Thailand when you texted me
Hi Erik
Yea just checking in. 
Okie yay thanks so much! I'll probably be going up the Saturday
Hey!! When are you going up to Bing? Would you be able to take up a bin again? <3
Coming now
I'm waiting for my dad to get home to see if he wants to come bc he isn't answering his phone. But I'm leaving within the next 10 minutes or so
Ok no problem
Hey do you need a ride tonight for the gig in Freeport?
6:00
Cp car into woods with fire
My dad said he'll pick you up
I'm working
How'd the Viagra go last night
I'm not sure, I'd say come here
Hey chief, 6:00
Dying. Emily and her were driving around town for a good half hour only found it when they got back. I sent her a picture lest she forget
She found it
HAHAHA that's amazing! Also I love that dad felt the need to text you about it
Lol. Lets see how long it takes her to figure it out.  Were really hoping a cop stops her and then hands it to her
Yes, why?
That doesn't sound good, what did he say
That's my dad, why?
I can't. Gotta pack
Yeah wanna ask Tom too
Yoyo
Side of the house
Whip it
Kk be there in ten
Pick you up now?
Yessir
I'm getting one from Tom
Yo
The 6:01
Thank you man happy belated bday to you as well. Need to catch up soon
No, I will not install messenger
If u wanna come to us we're in the coffee shop on the corner of bleeker and mcdougal 
We're gonna get coffee quick first
Comin to ya
Lmao
Yeah, you don't owe them much of an explanation.
Do it
What did u tell Citi?
You go?
Prob
Macdougal
Get an artichoke slice and a crab slice
Go to artichoke pizza
Yes we just realized that
Good for you Erik
Rough day?
Lmao okay
Where are you?
Good shit
Lmao
Lol I don't think you can join us
You'll hafta wait till we're done
We're on an exclusive tour you don't have tickets
You can't meet us right now lol
We'll be done at 3
GEICO Policy: Your payment of $111.37 for policy ending in 7488 will be billed to the credit/debit card ending in 6131 on 01/13. Reply STOP to end texts.
st*
West 4 at
The village
Macdougal st Greenwich village 
So idk how this will work
We're on our tour still
We're on our tour still
We're on our tour still
When will your interview be done?
Yas*
Has
Yeoooo
Somethin
Lenny 
Thought we saw u in a snapchat
Just wonderinnnnb
Where are u right now??
Hi Erik
I'll trade if you're not feelin it
Ok
You'll still be in nyc at 21 that's gonna be sick
How was the interview?
It's good, thanks! Happy belated birthday
WAZUPPP?
i agree
good and bad
will do
;) dunno yet
where?
really
wait
ohh boi
Fucking no one gives a shit
nday night🎉💚
Okay nick wants to go at like noon so me and you can have a date Su
Adam and Tom are on the way
Cool
Coo
Come over at 3
I haven't talked to anyone yet
Yo yo 
 best?
I love you to pieces and I can't wait to see you!💚 what time works
ugh?
Ugh I would but I don't feel well😔 Sunday is deff good for you tho
Denny's me and you Sunday?
K
O
 Ok the . Wasn't necessary
R u at my house
But going into the city I didn't bring my car and didn't wanna take the train back with everyone else because it would be annoying getting home the next day
Yea I want tooooo
And then it would be annoying to get back
Because I didn't have my car then
Yes home home
Idk what the rest of them are lding
I just got back home from the city
 to just chill but that's all were doin tonight
Sorry man, if mom wasn't already asleep it'd be different, she has work tomorrow. Sorry to disappoint! Caro and I are watching Jimmy and Seth if you want
I don't think it's a good idea tonight because mom's in bed and if we want to have ticket party here on Friday I don't want to piss her off
Well if Mel said it it must be true
I only want to make you sad
Let me talk to mom when I get back and I'll get back to you! Because she thought we were a little lout last night for a week night
Walking over now
Yoooo, we're on the train now, we get in at like ten
Oh right
Wait this isn't ticket party
Did they say anything? Was that them trying to call yesterday?
That's a pretty great gig!!!
Swag, let's get weird
I'm at the gym right now, I'll come over after. We pooping?
What's good
Cause if not maybe we can do something on Sunday
When do you leave?
Can I let you know because I might have to drive my mom to the doctor around that time
What time???!!!!!?!!!?!!!!
REALLY SAD
AND IM SAD YOURE NOT COMING
ERIK WWRE GOING TO DAIRY QUEEN
alright I'm here r u on the inside part
hold on I need to run to my locker and grab my backpack it'll only take an extra 2 mins bc I couldn't bring it to the city 
Oh ok
anyway pulling in 
idk I'm just tired 
>:(
u can punch all the babies in this bus I'm at 
sorry about this huge freaking delay I didn't know wed be like 20 mins late 
What time is Emily's??
They both deserve it. It looked like for awhile Piazza wouldn't get in because of steroid suspicions. The best hitting catcher of all time. I hope he goes in as a Met.
Wouldn't have it any other way
Yessir.
Binge watching NCIS
Nothing
I'm going to Jess's to practice. But I am 100 percent down to clown
 okk
Playing guitar, practicing for Saturday
either way it's gucci
swag I'll make my way there or you'll pull in the circle behind the bus?
lmfao 
my teacher is saying: make sure when u park, don't park inside the circle, park sort of on the outer edges bc then the bus will have a hard time to get in 
we're almost there 
What's up dude
Look at me now
Ugh well we're going around like 8 so if there's any chance you can make it you should!
thout you!!!😔
We were so excited to see you now I'm stuck with the two of them wi
NOOOOOOOOO ugh
I'd say 9:30, well be in 30 rock until around 8:30
*kk
lol
yes please brother 
We're not sure yet, it depends on when we get out of Seth and how quickly we can catch a train, I'll let u know tho!
No clue. When did she say
Boner
No worries. See you at Emmys
??
If I email the math department to get into linear do you think they'd help me out?
Yoo I'll try and stop by, I worked the 11pm to 7am shift last night in Manhattan standing a boiler room watch and I have it again tonight. I have a couple things to do so I'll keep u posted 
Star Wars and chill?
Schweet, Erik birthday celebration
Hey happy belated birthday erik!
FantAstic, what's the plan for tonight
Sup chief
Where do you wanna go?
So that's always an option 
And a hummer as well 
And yes, we have a Buick Enclave and an Escalade 
I'll check it out today and see what I can find. 
Payment sent 
Lograsso gets out of work at 8 so would you wanna get together around then?!!?!
come get lunch with me Kyle and Lograsso soon!
CAN WE PLAY
Maybe get some cheap hotel rooms? Or if we bring a truck we can just sleep in the truck?
Np homie. Have you thought of plans for where we are staying or if we are just driving back??
Awesome. I'll send you the money ASAP 
Also, how much do I owe you for Annie and I ?
Classic haha
Nice, what's up for the next two days
Today I've got little things around the house to do before ticket party, but later and tomorrow yeah I'm free
I go back Friday
are you alive
🇺🇸🇺🇸💚
eces!!!! Hangout with me soon. Stay young and beautiful💚💚💚💚🇺🇸
Hello my beautiful ray of sunshine! Happy birthday I miss you to pi
🇺🇸🇺🇸💚
eces!!!! Hangout with me soon. Stay young and beautiful💚💚💚💚🇺🇸
Hello my beautiful ray of sunshine! Happy birthday I miss you to pi
On the way home
Soryy buddy
I'm on my way
Where are you I can get lyd to get u she's getting stuff from the store now anyway
I can't tonight but I wanna give you a very special peepee touch tomorrow
Chilling at home
Tonight
Na not thought
Cool can't wait
Absolutely, how was the interview
Currently at the ranger game, 3 minutes left in the second period
Happy Birthday, stud! Hope you are having an amazing day! Love you!
ahs pool party. It's pretty epic.
Understood. Figured I'd give you plenty of time to think it over and plan, just in case. It'd be just for Saturday night. We'd get bottle service at harr
How was the margarita
Lol there ya go that's why you didnt say thank you
We went shopping first :( haven't even gotten to dinner yet lol
HAPPY 21st birthday chickadee!!
And happy birthday!!!!!
Happy birthday sailor
Bruh, howd the interview go??
d soul, should favor participating in this historic endeavor. And again, Happy 21st Birthday!!!
and O'Keefe in Atlantic City, NJ for an evening of debauchery and belligerence among hedonistic fools and black music. Please advise if your schedule, an
Btw, I will be visiting the east coast for a 3 day weekend, Mar 11 thru 13. Now that you are of age, I would like to cordially invite you to join myself 
Okie Emmy and I will come with you
Mr. Powell wants to know if you want to eat here
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!! Hope the interview went well!!
Yes
I can go with you nowsies
What time are you going
I'm at the powells now but gots to go to dinner with my mom and uncle at like 8isg
Yes
Remember it's the Franklin Ave one
Lol aight fam
Ahh gotcha, that makes more sense
Lmao okay
I thought you may have died
Till 630 still
Are you coming or nah?
Yo
Hmmm, interesting. Did you have to code this all out, or just explain?
I was just curious to how your interview went
It's okie
Nick is here as well now
Have you gone to Chipotle yet?
That's awesome!! I'm glad it went well! Yeah definitely pass those along when you get a chance
Lol 
Lol idk whenever
Swaaaaaaggg
I'll be here till 630
We actually just moved to the panera bread on Franklin
:) yes it's tentatively set for late May, but let's definitely coordinate. 
Ok , sounds good. Did they give u a time frame?
Sounds perf, I go back to school sunday like mid afternoon so well stay in touch 
They should be there like all week, lemme know what's good for you and I'll swing by too
I knowwwww
Cat says happy birthday as well lol
Sounds like a plan for sure 
Happy birthday homie 
Happy birthday buddáy!! Enjoy !
Happy birthday mothafucka 8==>
Hey happy birthday! You're now fully legal! Congrats! I owe you a drink.
Dude happy birthday!! Wish you all the best!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! 🎉🎁🍾🍻🎂🍰
Nigga
I called you but your phone is off
Keep that ass in shape for 2016 k
How was your interview?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I LOVE YOU
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Happy 21st birthday!  If your voicemail box wasn't full,  Alex and I would have sang to you.
Call you later, no singing I promise.  Have a great day. Love ya. 
FUCK
And maybe some goats cause they're really cool
And joy
And have a fantastic day filled with chipotle and margheritas and happiness
I'll be at the Barnes and noble by you all day so should you wanna say hi after Bloomberg feel free and good luck!
I snapped you already but I figured a text was also in order
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ❗️🎉🎈🎈
Happy birthday my dudeee, finally 21 lol!! 
Nice
Duude
Dope, interviewing at bbg?
I'm jealous.  ! 
Will reduce a lot of stress
Yes! I'm going to pick one outfit like and just wear that !!
That's actually a fabulous idea
Lol. I couldn't resist.  😜
Happy birthday!!! 🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈
Happy goddamn birthday Erik 🎉
Happy 21st Birthday!!!!!!!  Good luck on your interview!   You will do just fine!!!!    Love u!!!!   Call me later if you can to let me know how it went!!!!🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂🍸🍸🍸🍸🍸🍸👍👍👍👍
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ERIK!!!!
We will be leaving  here at 7.
From mama won and jinj
So I'll just give it to you
Emmy said you weren't drinking
My mommy gave me a bottle of champagne for you and me since its your birthday tomorrow hehe
Just got done working, I should be free possibly, so tired though 
Don't stress out too much you'll kill it
We got everybody else, if you want they're coming back to our house afterward.
Rj Chelsea Antonio me tom
7:00
You comin to BWW
I failed
*Bruh
Brush
Sounds perf 
Not too sure I'm trying to plan something with my little and I have some kappa shit j have to do 
PMG GOOD LUCK and I remember nothing from New Years, I remember puking and that's it. Legit that's it, and sure! I have work one day and some other things but that's it 
GEICO Policy: Renewal ID Cards are now available at https://dispatch.geico.com/ecams/expressRenewal.xhtml for policy ending in 7488. Reply STOP to end texts.
bussyyyy as per usual. How about you 
I SUCK I KNOW 
Wow I suck I was at work and couldn't answer and forgot 
OMG HI SORRY 
hi
7766887
Yo
Okay
Pooping?
Nothing wbu
Watching the jets game wbu
Yo
My cousins in Oceanside
Nicee, I have to babysit from 4 to midnight :(
Currently at band practice wbu
Bruh
Alright it's calming down, probs coming home soon
Just hanging and shooting the shit
Emily told us to come hang
Well Tom and I are going to the rices right now
Sounds good chief
Yea I think so lol, enjoy the movie chief
Come here and chill, possibly kaboodle it
Yea want to chill
Good for you
I remember telling you that I couldn't do this.
Are you going to do it?
Oy
Yes 😊 I mean, I haven't seen him since finals week but yes :) I'll probably see him next week 
Why are you making this so difficult? 
My new years was awesome :) sad I wasn't with Darren for it but I had fun with friends in the city :) 
Stay strong! 
💜
I would like closure on a lot of things and I think the only way I can get that is by talking to you about it.
I'm sorry Erik :( 
Yeah so definitely stay away then 
Really doesn't **
Does she really not remember or do you think she's just trying to make excuses to meet up?
So tell her that 
I'd say tell her you think it's a really bad idea to keep talking or something 
Meh talking won't do any good :( 
If you don't want much to do with her then don't! 
How did you guys end up hooking up? 
Oh boy :( 
What's happening? 
We never talked! 
You texted me what happened. I need fucking answers
Erik. I remember virtually nothing from that night. I need to hear you say to me what happened.
seriously
I'm not playing this game. I need to talk to you in person
What happened the other night
I just need to talk to you in person. When are you free
Ellen says we can hang around 10
I have a rehearsal dinner at 7. But until then nothing
 Hey bud. Just chillin
I think you know. When are you free
Plenty of things
You owe me at least that
Can you make the project public whenever you get a chance?
I need to talk to you in person today
And perhaps some miscellaneous siblings
Meet my kitten and dog
Idk I've been to Long Island you haven't been here so I think it'd be more fun for you to come here
Uhm
And Lydia is coming for some reason, god dammit
Ok, Kaitlyn is going with us
Lol just got this now, sure
We'll set a day in stone when I see you
Sounds perfect to me
Well if at any point this week you wanna chill aside from our NYC Friday meetup, let me know
:D
Yessir
Because we both have perfect taste
It's exactly why we're friends
Like after we get down to the lake
I love margheritas
Sounds phenomenal
I'm sorry. I need to know what happened exactly
Any time my frand. So what are your bday plans?
It puts you in a bad place and that really sucks, but don't be mad at yourself for this one. If there's anyone to be mad at, I would say it's her.
r of those things
Idk if she's making you feel any bit guilty, but hopefully not because it's her responsibility to be loyal to her gf and honest to you and she was neithe
hings happen. It's an awful situation, but you're not at fault here, she is.
And you're not. Listen, you didn't know she was still in a relationship. There's not reason for you to feel guilty. Even if you did, you were drunk and t
you last night about things and seemed upset so maybe they should check up on her. Then if she decides to tell them she can.
Hmm yeah I mean, I think it may be a move to reach out to one of her friends. You don't have to tell them what happened but maybe just say she vented to 
So are you still talking to her, or are you wondering like what exactly you should say to her or what?
Don't apologize lol I'm more than willing to take all of the venting you need to get out
Ugh Erik that sucks so bad. I'm sorry :/
Damn that was good of her
She doesn't remember much as in she doesn't remember hooking up with you?
Oy that's quite the pickle
Yes you have
Of course, shoot.
Why so serious?
Hi Erik, happy new year
Well i just got broken up with and now I'm going to go to fucking cvs for plan b so don't fucking tell me it's going to be fine
I'm not
The only part I remember is saying I wasn't on it anymore
There's no way I said that
Are you fucking kidding 
Did you use a condom
*at 3
Lol yea I woke up 3
Yea, but we'll bombard him afyer
Jimmy can't make it though :(
Ah lol, 10 o'clock
Not too shabby, did you get toms group text
Chief what's up
Are you seriously telling me we had sex
and then
I need you to tell me what happened
Did you try to stop me
I'm sorry
Did I initiate it? 
Seriously, is there any way we can talk on the phone? Or I can come and drive by for a second. I'm just running errands and I don't want to text and drive
did anyone see us? I kid you not Erik, I remember very very little of what happened so I'm trying to piece it together
Yeah sorry I was just driving so I needed to park
Can I call you
So no one knows, you know that for sure
can we talk? 
What are you doing
You're right
So, what happened big dawg
So Erik, we never got to chat over breakfast
I'm at the supermarket. Do u want anything for the week?
Happy New Year!!!!
Haha okay!! Happy new year Erik!! 😊
Oh no!! Are you okay? 
Aight I appreciate that a lot
Anyway great I agree 
All of that was in like one breath you know? Super odd
I was never actually in the moment. Like the last year at least has been a haze
That was total madness
Yeah definitely 
Well done wow
I'm super proud of you you came in and fought never even lived on campus, through watson advising, made it into the major and now you're off to the races 
Remember like walking to lees desk in that giant room
I can't believe we were in the same building 
I can't believe we did that
This summer was insane
My phone is shit so you may need to honk 
Let me know when you're here 
Happy New Year! Wishing you a fun night. Lots of success and happiness in 2016.

Okay 
I'm sorry to say this but I only have 1 ball
Bring ice
We have some ice
Sure
Scratch that actually 6 o'clock. Greggs being a dick
I'm on my way to my house. I'll know in about 20 minutes
Yessir thanks again 
7 
Happy New Year, Erik!!!
We can’t settle on bussing yet until we know our final budget and what that looks like. What’s the deadline on getting this set up?
Okay cool. I might do that if I can't find a ride home
Also are u sleeping there?
Did you make the gin bucket
DAAAAAAAAD
Hahaha a little weird
Haha okay
I think I might have some but I can't be sure 
I don't have an android so sometimes your texts come all jumbled
Yay you love me!!!!
What was the second text??
Be better
Don't be sorry
It's okay
That would be awesome if you don't mind man 
Can you bring ping pong balls
Hey bud how are you getting to Chrissy's tonight? 
I'm so confused
Hey what time were you planning on leaving?
I'm going to nicole locurtos house and I'm home but I'm leaving yo pick stuff up for later I'm a little 
I'm staying close to home tn 
But tell everyone happy new year from me
I'm not gonna be able to make it
Yo
Ready for 20 DICK teen
Happy new year Erik 
It's a skittle sin
Should never ever happen
And that
Wrong person.
I've been going to Gary's about a block past Cvs and I've gotten good haircuts.
Pooie. I have to go to Chrissy's because she wants me to help with the backdrop and set up
Hi
do u like chewbacca?
Sounds good I'll let you know tomorrow 
Leaving my house
I'm goin out at like10
I'll be eating dinner then 
Nothing is set in stone tho
I might be going to rvc
If I can 
Why
No idea 
Yes
At Emmys. Making Jell-O shots
Hey girl
I miss your face
Seriously
Haha you better
Ok 
The doors are closed. I'll see you at Westbury station.
Where are you?
Yes I'm on the 6:01
Yes it's def happening
Well then come to rockaway ya doof
Yeooooo
Thanks!
I'm trying to get a head count
Is the other boy def not coming?
I can already imagine the firy poops
Fuck 
I'll see. I may not be there 
....
49 and 6 or 53 and 6
nd he got very upset with me so I know you won't say anything but if so just keep that between the 2 of us 
Hey peaches when you meet david do not let on or tell him that you have read his sexts to me because one of my school friends made it seem like she did a
Prob not but I'm down to get weird this weekend
So I have to be up at 5, I'm not going all the way to chrissys
I got fucked over at work and have to go in at 6am the next morning
Na b
Ok thanks
I'll keep em safe
okok
On the way
Texting sRah now
Excellent, we are waiting for Sarah now
Really? She's not a bad driver. I have liquor to pass the time
Yes
Tom and I are going with Sarah obrien for a ride. Wanna join?
You down to hang
Hey love
It's not what you're wearing, it's who you're wearing 
https://instagram.com/p/_4j_P6Qz3F/
Ok great. Luv u and Piper misses u already
I see that u landed 
Same place where u always come out
Ok  I'm here 
Ok 
You'll just have to fight people for spots
Just let me know if they are or aren't
As long as they don't mind like sleeping on the floor haha
Will your friends sleep over too?
Tell milena I say hi
Okie
Dope
What color is the red
We're gonna look sexy as fuck
Fine I'll do that. I'm so easy going
oh btw I just realized that I did a lot of thngs on black ops thru ur profile so like do u want me to delete the saved data from it?? or do u not care?
oh no you've caught me everybody is level 2 in my party *cries*
I needa get this shit out of the way b4 I play hearthstone 
lmfao rn I'm making a Mexican bean salad for the party I have 
no problem 
it's not in the hangers or on top of the boxes here I looked everywhere possible 
is it in ur drawers ?
there is no red bow tie 
 Wait jk wrong tie 
is it a striped black and blue one with a solid red background?
yeah wassup bra
Smirnoff because I'm poor?
Idk what I'm drinking yet
That's like an old guy
As the family car
And Range Rover
Let's get a rolls Royce
Will you buy me a Bentley
Worried
If it doesn't work out you'll take care of me I'm not wrote it'd
You'll find me one at jp Morgan
Trust fund
I want a boy with a rust did
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Wine makes me so calm 
I am so calm 
I convince her
She says no I tried
It's no franzia but
It's not that bad
We had to get almaden
There was no franzia at the liquor store
Yea your girls are missing you
Even better
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I told her to relax
He needs to have Justin beibers ass 
Come home
I miss you too
Not a scary nerd, if possible. Like please don't send me screech from saved by the bell
Nailed it
Yes for lorn
We're also kinda wine drunk
Jinju wants a hot nice guy who likes chipotle and McDonald's
Lorn wants someone who wears pastel pants
Chrissy wants the cream of the crop
Lorn wants a douchebag
Caro wants boys
Sarah wants tall people who are nice
Emily wants nerds
Are we still matching
HAHAHA they can figure it out
What is interesting?
It's a sparkly metallic grey
I think I may wear this
BLACK TIE
Bring this one 
We all agree that Austin is cute
They have to get a ride home doe I think so
Come home so we can play
Miss u too
Austins kinda cute
Can u come home already 
Cute boyz
Don't you????
Don't we all
Lmao no of course not 
It's black tie
Lol
That is scary territory 
Do you wanna get with him??
ARE YOU AUCTIONING OFF OUR FRIENDS TO HOOK UP WITH YOUR FRIEND
Is he funny
Did you see it yourself
Also is he well endowed
I need head shots
The only pics of him are group pics. I'm gonna assume he's the ugliest one
Is this him
Oh that's not far
Where does he live
Pics plz
Chrissy says "don't bring ugly guys and tell them they'll get with girls if they come"
I want hot and tall
Not Lorns friends
I would let you hook up with my friends
And for Chrissy too
Bring a hot friend that I can hook up with
Idk
But she's coming
I think that's fair
I would be mad if lorn was upset
Also lorn would fucking kill you
Do you think she's prettier than me
Why do you think she's pretty
Everyone in loyalty
Like 20
Hi baby
I had to shower, lol I'm making tea then I'm starting again since I missed  the commentary the first time
😐
Damn
Wow
Oh
Oooo, no no I did open up Hearthstone and it assigned me someone automatically. I'll open it again hang on
I don't see "solo adventures"
I'm not ready for that
Lol no, I just had a feeling I was playing with someone real
Oh, poop
Wait, how do I know if I'm playing against the computer or someone real?
lolol
no please I'm traumatized of homework school has got me on a neural break down its ok I'll get it done llol
oh lord lmfao I'll trrryyyy cuz I'm really invested in cod iii and I have a post Christmas party to go to tmr
What's the flight #?
Yes she does. Text me your flight info when u get a chance.
..yep yep, I will..
 had a rough semester... Insists on introducing me to everybody, wants everyone to know who I am. Tells everyone about us. Consistent in his feelings
I feel like it's hard to explain unless you've been in my place...everytime I see him and when we walk around he holds my hand. Always there for me, I've
The distance doesn't worry me, apparently he'll be back in the fall if all goes well
nged, but...he has
connection is rare, and I'm afraid walking away before seeing where this goes would be something Id regret forever. It's hard to explain the way he's cha
He's been asking me for months now actually, I was the one with a lot to sort out. I still have moments where I get sad about the past, but I  think our 
Yeah, around 2am lol. I don't think it's hit me yet, I've never really had a boyfriend...but yes
Beau
Oh, wow, I'm flattered but I actually just got into a relationship last night
Go on...
Whatcha up to?
Yoooooo
Yeah
We literally are so gay. The 30th has to come
*you
Fuck yoi Erik
I love you the most too
Do you not love me
That's so late
What did you do?
What kind of poop?
I want to hear an embarrassing story about you that I can forever hold over your head for whenever you're pissing me off and/or I need to blackmail you
That's so late
You get home the 29th right?
We're so gay to each other right now
Yes you can.
You're invited again
That's a great answer
I'm pulling the "my parents house" card
Jinju doesn't get a plus one
It's my home
You're my plus one
No I mean it
We're co hosting
You're invited
She doesn't mean that
I am literally in my business professional clothes
Have fun at home.
You are not invited.
So I know you're answering her and not me
I'm literally next to Jinju
We did a presentation
You're on my shit list
Where the fuck is my text
I did 90% of the work
What the actual fuck Erik
Thanks Erik 💛
But lol yes I'll let you know
Take care of your family goddammit
o I got distracted. I'll let you know when I dive in
Not yet 😬 lol I downloaded, then my family showed up right after s
Or Rj or anyone really
You're welcome to ask Emily if you like
bandolier something 
uhh I have no idea I needa check 
lmfao okayy
I have opened packs but the deck I saw online was just like basic cards 
more like 9 minions 
lmfao okkk
t is like magic and stuff. I don't have like cards that play secrets or cards that heal/buff minions 
well the deck I built is like I think a balance in between magic and minions. I have like I think 7 cards that play monsters with battlecries and the res
I can muster the strength to win but i lose more than win 
 against the expert computers lmao but I don't do so good with online battles 
I stuck with the mage bc I'm already a level 26 with her and I like the cards. I looked at a guide online and I made a pretty good deck, I win 7/10 times
ikr lmfao have a safe flight back 
it's supposed to snow a little that day here but it's snow with rain :((((((
u coming back Tuesday? 
I took a break cuz I had to study  for tests but I plan to play a lot this break lmfao
yepp why u ask?
Don't get used to it pussy
Only because you've been far far away
It's okie sweetie well go to Applebee's again
I didn't poop
Guys were pooping
And then we went to the Christels
Half off apps holla
We had girls night in APPLEBEES
Also were calling Antonio jake from State Farm now
Poop
Just come home so we can cuddle and loop
Periodically throughout playtime well all just go "I miss Erik"
We all miss you
Why do you do this to me
I miss you
I'm stressed cuz you're not home
Idk
Come home
I'm stressed
I'm sure they're already picking out a desk for you. Something with a nice view, maybe overlooking a lake
That at so long
Is Bloomberg still the goal, then? 100%?
I felt like there was a "but" coming...
And ah I see. Just go in drunk, slay twice as hard
Jan 5th
Heard from Bloomberg yet?
Anywhere, everywhere lol. Slinging resumes
Come home
I have family coming in at 3am too, so I'll probably be up for awhile
Gaining weight and applying to internships
Who won?
...same, same...
I just take the whole cap off and chug lol
I'm trying to get me brother christels, Jess+john and anyone else interested
You're welcome to ask Emily
Yea so beer with a straw is considered closed container
It allows me to get my buzz on
32 oz for 850 is not too bad for nyc
Yea it is man, delicious beer for almost cheap
And you want me to go down the same path? Lol
Do you know about roses in penn station?
I'm trying to pull more in as we speak
Cool, it's you me and TC so far
I mentioned Star Wars exhibit trip to nyc on next Wednesday, you still interested?
Hey! 
Lmao, yes I know
Not yet 😬
I'm getting two orange cats in future and naming Mac and cheese
Oh my god
What's his/her name?!
Dawwww 😍
Happy Christmas my friend
😊
Perfect
Well call you after your dinner. Ok ! Buon appetite
Aight
Haha hey merry christmas erik. Wanna video chat on gmail?
Yes deff!! Talk to you soon buddy 
We all went to your pops place last night, tonight I'm going into my grandmas in queens and they are doing Christmas Day with Helens fam I believe
Merry Christmas dude, hope your having a good time in Florida! I mean it's 65 and sunny up here I could only imagine down there 
Omg. 
☺️
MERRY CHRISTMAS ERIK ❤️❤️❤️
alone time 😣
I love my family, but I'm only home til like the 5th and I like my 
I don't like people
e rest of my break...😕
I have family coming in on the 26th and they're staying here for th
Heh, not yet, past few days have been hecticish
Hell yeah, put it up
Who's dog?
Yeah, it is pretty cute
Jk, get me 11 more and I'll make a calendar
Stop sending me nudes
Because, you know, I'm Catholic 😒
No, I just got out of mass
You're right, I fucked up
I can't sleep. What do I do?
Oh nice
My bubbie b
Word.  Come thru bro
What's up
Ok
Rekt
Ok
You mean a selfie?
Cool good work partner
Yo
Nah. Just touched down in Miami 
Is everything submitted and whatnot
I'll see where it takes me
Oh boy lol
Yeah I'd like to! I know I've asked you this but remind me again where I find it? Just google it?
Ok shoot. I'll keep track. Text me when u land.  Have a safe flight. Can't wait. Luv u
It's all over now. Shooter in custody mall is back open
Lol OMG
I victim shot shooter still at large
Armed robbery at tourneau some store
Have a safe flight you weirdo
And trust issues
But probably closer to gaping
Somewhere in between
I'm a good deal wider
Hahaha, you caught me
Eating Jamaican veggie patties, about to pass out lol
I survived. Taking 4 shots helped, lol
Indeed, we're at some of his friends rn. I'm trying not to be awkward, but...yeah, idk anyone
Make it back okay?
Lol yeah, just chilling.
I just don't want them to complain or get confused
I'm currently I'm with Adam were you interested in chilen?
Yao!
Just realized we should put in an example of how to run the code. Like what inputs to pass and stuff
so text Lauren!
 I'm tutoring right now but everyone else is home and mom would probs like to hugs you lots
Hurryyyyyyt
I'll forgive you if you come home
Can you be more considerate?
Give me eta
Where
It looks good I highlighted a sentence in the problem statement we should take out
Lololololololololololol
I said, "yeah" lol
Brows just asked me if I still see u
Ok will do
Cool sounds good
Sounds like a plan. Hasta luego senor
Oh snap. Good luck with the final. Let's catch up soon ;)
Hey kid are you in Flo Rida yet? 
Ok I'll head back down now
Are you all still in the market place?
When is everyone studying
😌
LOL
Do you actually have skittles tho😮
Dunkin*
And Dublin
If you bring skittles
Only
Of course
Yes
haha whatever is good with you really if not I'll have Lydia drive over to the apartment
okie sounds good :) and grandma and my mom should be home but I wanted to say merry Christmas 😊
Yessssss
Got a ride. 
hey! when are you home tomorrow? I wanna make sure I'm home for when you drop off the bin!
Just got to the market place
Your money
If you're planning on buying food wait for me since I have a ton of meal plan money
To be fair, you were a minute early
Ackkkk two minutes 😬
But I'll take it, haha thanks!
Oh wow, I didn't expect a ride
Definitely
Is it open?
Yeah the marketplace works
dinner later?
Ooo yes but I'm gross atm, id need at least 44 mins to get ready lol...I can offer getting breakfast then, or if you don't wanna wait then we could grab 
Oh, apparently you can freeze hummus
if you want help finishing off some chocolate or macaroni and cheese, I'm your girl
I would, but hummus makes me mad gassy and bloated :(
Oooo I wish, that sounds incredible. I'm pretty much down to oatmeal and like half a bag of pasta though:/
Bed*
My sleep schedule is the worst right now, I keep going to be at like 4:30 :/
Verizon Msg: You've used about 90% of your 6GB data (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle will be $15 per 1GB. Or, increase your data by 2GB for $15 more per month. There's no contract extension. To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing Verizon.
Sounds good
Yeah same. You want to say 1:30 market place?
Ok probably earlier since I still have to do the automata project. When do you wake up?
Yeah I'm free for a few hours. When do you want to meet up?
Over it
Also thanks for looking at it I was really stressed ice it
Check in the main code area when the centroid are being set equal to the previous averages. Maybe it's updating in the wrong place.
Can't wait
Lol oh boy
Lol I'm kiiiiidddiiiinnngggg
It's 630 and you're not here
aight good i’ll sleep easy
if you were done just gonna ask what you thought of the song bc you were still recovering when i last inquired 
aight good luck
rekt
yo are you done?
So long as it's not before 6 yes that's cool :D
Yes but I'm not leaving the comfort of my room lol sorry friend
You embarrass me
Wait does that mean I can't play cod on the account under colonolschvats@gmail.com ?
yeah it's melted 
I'm having chemistry overload in my brain chemical bonding is making me lose braincells and I'm prettu sure the comprehensive part of my brain is fried 
r u talking about thestones69 account?
it feels like a game lmao
oh well
oh dafuq
on colonolschvats@gmail.com 
ur xbox is being a meanie and asking me for a password to play black ops :(
I miss you too come home
ur halo arrived lmfao
 Lol
Aight give me a few
Sorry I kinda browned out a little
Want me to meet you back to the apartment where are you
There's literally 10 people here
Apparently there's too many people want me to meet you or something idk what to do
Top floor
Ok
You good?
Where is alex at 
Ok we still at dills 
Where you at
How are finals going!
lmfao you were never a douchebag though
And smoke seshs
And jokes
And hugs
And humor
i miss yo stache
Hopefully blacked out tho
Alex is gay
Ok
Text me when you're home for good!!!😀
Dills
That means the world :) Thank you 😘
You as well 🎅🏿
Toms :D
And we're drinking some hard four lokos
SOOOO basically were smoking together when you get home
So feel free to find them
Yes they're out!
Aw stop thanks Erik you're the best:)
You might have the wrong number I'm not sure?? Lol I'm ok though! Are you home?!!
how are ya!!!!!
WOW STRANGER DANGER
Yeah bro dw about it
Yeah she's taking a chill night tonight
I'll stop bugging you with heavy stuff, haha enjoy the party!
Thanks for thinking so..I have a long way to go, but I appreciate the support :)
hwasty👌🏼
Haha thanks Erik💚 I do but always nice to hear. Have fun and get s
Nothing happened, just having a bad mental day. And when I have those I can't drink otherwise shit gets way worse
I had a really bad day so I'm not going out
Hey there friend
Eh, a little
I know what you mean, though. I'll try
This is going to be my lowest GPA in a while. I don't think there is an "enough"
Idk. Send everyone my love, at least ❤️
Everyone says that to me :/ I honestly just don't know what else to do. I feel very stuck and frustrated sometimes..
Nah
I am glad you had a good time 👍🏼
hink I'm over it
Ya :/ I guess I was a little irritated earlier. "You're such a loser Amanda, look at all the fun I'm having without you..." It kinda hit a nerve, but I t
Mhmmm
You at the CS party?
Good
Ya
Glad you had fun!
Yeah it's fucking stupid and I have to start automata tomorrow
Ints
I can't seem to figure out of to take averaged properly n dimensionally since sometimes the arguments passed are lists and other times they are into
It's still really fucked up and I think I'm just fried. Can you look at it when you get a chance? I think the main problem is the average function
😔
What?
Nvm, got it
How do I Venmo you? Do I add your email?
Come
mlm
Shut up lol
I agree
I'm getting a lot of that
Let me studyyy
I already told her
I don't believe so, I'm sorry :( I'll either get like a Bish or a C-, depending on my final, I gotta go in
:( mhmmmm
I'm going to finish up the coding today. I only have to do the average function
Do I fundamentally suck if I decide to stay in tonight? 😬
lol
yes she did lol
Lo siento por favor
Probs wouldn't have brought it regardless 
Not a fan of lube
Not so sure
*nigga
You a bitch night
Okay
Lmfao
💁🏼💁🏼💁🏼💁🏼💁🏼
Ya girl got a booth
Yoooo
Perfffff
Unless ya wanna meet me before I go
I'll text ya where I'm at
Okay I'm going to app now and then heading down bc hunger is calling
I'm funny
I just laughed at my own comment
Lmfao
Yeah he can go suck a dick
Shot down right away
Okay then
Lol wow
Is Alex gunna join us?
Ahhhh gotcha
Anyone come to you?
Oh right
Oh right oh right
Where are you right now?
Perfecto
Where abouts?
Let's go with 730
Erm
Did you eat yet?
Yes
My dorm
Any suggestions?
Idk
Uhm
Well
The move is uh
Bruh
I'm sure it's cool and super brilliant, I just hate it
That's fair
Sorry :((
 showed up...apparently it won't process til tomorrow night.
Bleh. I just deposited a check at M&T so I had enough money on my card to Venmo you back. Then I went to check my account balance on my phone and nothing
B
Yeah that sounds good, maybe the company will pay some of the cost.
Ok, yeah, it depends how you feel. If you arent sick of school after 4 years go for  yr masters.
We'll be pals forever 
Not child's play
#stupididiot
And so they have a stupid idiot like you do it
Something a professor or phd student needs for research but they don't have the time to code
It's usually a large scale implementation of something 
5 is for faggots
If you're not really interested in research do the 4 and project 
3 and a thesis
remember when they always used to talk about “surface reconstruction” fuck that
choosing Verizon.
Verizon Msg: You've used about 75% of your 6GB data (cycle ends the 20th). To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for
Come back to me already sheesh
It was the only thing wrong with your statement
Your grammar just killed me
I support the hashtag
Over achieve
Just go to both
Oh wow I'm a dork, I was looking at the wrong thing yes I'm in A
Wait are Josh and Jim in A?
No you're not, you're trying to get into section B
Oh wow, we have quite the squad that's gunna be awesome
I think 350 will be fun
I've heard rough things
Pleb stats? Yes yes I am
Damn I suck lol
And yeah 320
Oh wait I knew that, what am I thinking of..when's 375?
You have 373 tomorrow right?
I have a lot of time, I'm lucky
Monday, lol
Kill 'em ❤️
Ah gotcha
Oh wow that's intense, good luck!! Is it over Skype?
And yeah I guessssssss, not happy with the grade though
Mhmmm dammit, okay let me know when you decide
Wait, did you accept at JP Morgan yet?
Ehhh, alright I think? It was 25 multiple choice, the annoying "all of the above/none of the above" kind. It was fair, though
I see u
By tossed
okie I'll have my friend carry out out for me
Autocorrect messed it up a bit
Say that again
But it's so necessary
Might die
I shouldn't. Meal plan would suffer
To get coffee or not.......
At a table at the market place mi amigo
Okay well I'll let you know my where about
Way to let the team down Erik
sounds good! just text me before you're here I'm on the ground floor. and no you're not you're the best for helping me
What do u think?
I haven't decided yet because places will be packed
You down for a study sesh?
Yes
I was about to ask you the same thing
in endicott for the rest of the day so come whenever is good for you!
Lmao we were laughing for so long at all of them
Okay so at least a little positive. Gooood luck Erik!! You'll slay as u do w everything. Sending good vibes
I have one Friday and one Monday. Not too worried it's one of my easier semesters so yay for that. How u doing- stressed or lax
I didn't have any today so pretty good haha- hbu?
Lmao dying
Still counts
Ah i thought you hacked a random person
My diffeq final #strugglebus
I feel that. Noo don't be sorry-- thanks!
What are chances you know how to use the math website Desmos
On your snap story
So whats the story with thst laptop
Ohhhh gotcha
<3
probs around 5 if you're good with that
ok no problem mom has just been bothering me
Perf, ty boo
ok
Lol what?
if I have to suk itais dick to make sure we have money in backup for next year, i may do it
uuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh im taknig skiiing
why is alex always sucking mlh’s dick
can’t blow all of it
yo we gotta put money away for next year
erik this stuff stressed me out
lol wanna get it tomorrow then?
yeah that's fine!! I'm done with class around 330
I just gotta pick up a test after class and then I'll be in my room!
You're gonna have to help me pick one out
We need a 1/2 horsepower motor lmao
$
The motor might be like 100
I hope I don't lose this paper within 8 months...
Idk what that means in terms of energy output
We're gonna need a motor that can pull like 150 newtons
Wow ok lol
After that it just needs a forward and backward switch honestly
We would need to ask permission for someone else's deck to stabilize it from wind and whatnot
The two top pulleys would be connected to our ledge
True that
We gotta come back like August 1st and make sure we make it and use it so we can be the shit
We could get like an arctic blizzard and never use this shit
I'm sitting here drawing sketches and this could be one huge waste of time
Cuz he is one
Morgan might know how to work tools
Yeah then no
Noah can do math..?
Cool
Motor arduino etc
Yeah we need a steel cable, some bolts, a pulley, a basket thingy, a 10lb weight and the electrics
24.251 lbs
Wouldn't it be easier to do calculations in metric
Lmfao
Little less than 11 kilos
A 30?
12 cans?
How much weight should our elevator be able to carry?
Dang
Or we could like go up and get it ourselves...
I'm watching arduino elevator videos on YouTube
We're gonna be so high tech
Program the arduino to pull a spring back to a certain force and launch it to the couch
And the guy on the couch wants a beer
If someone's in the kitchen and another is on the couch
Arduino powered beer launcher
New idea
Next to an outlet
We are by jazzmans
Ok, just curious. It's their corporate headquarters. It's pretty cool. It's in Times Square.
You got your geico ins ID cards in the mail.There r in your drawer. Put them in your car by jan 13.
Penises
Like an entire semester?
*ncc
Also I sent in my transcript from bcc with my calc 2 grades before the semester started and it's still not up on my degree works
Sent
And this is for the spring 2016 semester?
Should I leave a little message with it
Ok lol thanks
Dang
Is it hard to get a sustainability minor?
It's a date 👍🏼
That's hilarious
Omg!
Thank you very much ❤️
Hmm does around 4:30?
Do you have like 20ish free minutes later tonight? Can I stop by wherever you're at and ask you big O stuff?
Thanks
Piss
Is the MS on Broadway?
Cool
*were
I wanna know what other finals wee like
My statics prof won't tell us if the final is cumulative or not
Do you know any?
juniors
ME
Juniors?
Do you have any me friends?
Oh yeah!!!
☺️
yeah that would be awesome! you're the best in seriously soo grateful that you're doing it!
I have class 830-1130 and scholars 130 to 330
well when would be good for you? like anytime before Friday really! when will you be on campus?
hey erik!! when would you be able to come by to get my bin of clothes?
Wait might have it
Third floor 
How do I get out of this bitch
Cumming 4 u bby
where should I report
i gotta go to church in a few but I’m in bartle and actually just finished to ready 2 love u
yea whats up?
Oh ok
Where u at doe
Mind if I slide in ;)
Dope
Yo is any food in BUMP open?
Awesome, thank you ❤️
I was gunna ask if you could stop by G7 at some point, if you had a chance
Will you be on campus tomorrow?
And I'm here
Yeah
Just got off
10:30 bus
The place?
Lol Ight
*tn
I'm going to but just for Barry's act
Ok I guess I'll feel it out tomorrow
Yea I mean it's possible but I'm more leaning to studying for finals
Lol nothing idk why she told you that
Yeah I just feel bad if we get coaches and then we don't coach other people
Bruh
I mean I'm saying, we need to practice and run it also though
Yeah I feel that. I just really can't stay for SOOO long. 
Idk. What are your feelings?
Do you definitely want to meet at 11 tomorrow? A part of me does, but at the same time I don't want to change anything about our scene I just want to practice what we've worked on
Okay imma brush my teeth be out in a hot sec
Lmfao
Okie faaaaaaam
We have a five dollar limit for a secret Santa in my suite so a 5 dollar gift
Can't. Wait.
How was your night last night?
Yassssssss
I have dinner with the suitemates at 630 so as long as I'm back before then
5 would be ideal but I can do earlier if you need to
Uhmmm
lemme know if you can do Walmart!
Are you sure I don't need a resume?
Sick
Lmao yes tomorrow would be fantastic 😬
Lmao sushi
Study zone*
I said late night bc I didn't wanna go until I got my studying done
Nah it's cool I'm in the sushi zone
Are you still going out?
Yes
Here
I can't do early evening, perhaps tomorrow at some point if you are available and not terribly hungover
Ahhhhh you're going out tonight
What are your thoughts on a late night Walmart trip tonight ?
^Sorry, just saw that 😬
Proceed
You ever browse r/swoleacceptance
I really got your back
Don't worry bro
Don't worry I got your back bro
I'm going to tell him
Her boyfriend is that big man I lift with
Haha you're a bastard
Yeah that works, thanks!
Yeahhhhhhhh
I'll keep trying
Yeah, I was thanked for my interest :/
ily
if dank kush tweeted it it would be hilarious but also no longer a secret
i think pranking his laptop somehow might be more straightforward
would also need a sound system…
do we have a projector?
hmm
OHHH boy
Yeah so what's the most serendipitous location to find that
Why is this a convex hull problem if they want to get around an object?
Get wrecked
This guys kind of a baller
Run it though real quick to make sure it runs with two clusters
No just use the code from git hub and we don't have to switch laptops
Demo something you didn't write? Nigga...
Ight
What's the complexity for clustering? Your slides didn't display well on my machine
Another fucking A* presentation
We also have write a 4-6 page paper apparently
Yeah I seem to have disregarded some stuff when I wrote it.
Yeah this only works for 2 clusters I just realized
Sure
We'll just run it with two and call it a day. Also wouldn't even know how to do that dynamically with matlibplot
Yeah so there's that
Also the visual representation only plots for 2 clusters
Yea
Well when you put it like tht
Yeah, take the JPM and then back out if you have to.
It actually only runs in two since my distance function is fixed to two variables. We can just say that it's easily scalable
You're a whore
That's the plan
Probably get there by 435. Finish the lift around 615
Straight to ironworks
Leaving campus around 415
Go to the gym with me
Especially if those plans are lift and food shopping
It's just that I'm selfish and refuse to alter my plans for anyone
WE ARE
NO
ERIHK
NO ERIK
And I ate a wegmans sub
I have to lift and go to wegmans
I can't 
Are you still a giant pus
How is your semester turning out
How are you
Yes sir *salutes*
fun then
Lol, afraid as in "unfortunately I haven't." Once break hits I'm literally doing nothing but laying in bed all day eating Cheetos, I plan to catch up on 
I have not had the chance, I'm afraid :/
It's a hot mess, though :/ I think I can fix the seg I have now, if I run into another I'll send it to you
I'll keep you posted though
Ehhh I need all the help I can get but at the same time it's so hard to explain my code, if I keep going at it I'll probably figure it out
I considered taking shots before coming down here, I might do that tomorrow to ease the pain
Aw damn, I wish I was
Project due tomorrow night, lab due Friday
Hbu?
Debugging/still writing 240, I'm in G7
Lmao oops, yeah I've seen that before I forgot
😬
I am still lost...don't guys make the hot-crazy scale ? I can't place myself on that
^What do you mean, I thought a 6 is a 6...
Huh, I expected at least an 8. I'll take it
Where am I on the crazy scale?
Mhmmm, sounds weird. I don't think there's a comparable term
What's the male equivalent of 'hoe'?
I choose the students 
I've simply chosen sides
NO IM NOT
You would let me
Why would I not be
What?
Yes
It was all good
 Haha no
no
I have bio tutoring
thank you
There's a spy
Just left
Maybe school
Money
Bitches
Alcohol
and my needs
but what about me????
yay milena because love her
BOOOOOOOO
It won't work in multi dimensions since pretty much all the code is in the if statement. That's an easy fix though
when do you get home
hey honey
I'm counting on you
We need a name for the apartment next year
Awesome! Yeah we're not gonna need the whole time. Matt and Alison can't but you can offer
Thanks I'll check it out when I get a chance
In the success center
Yes
Shit autocorrect
Ya*
You're welcome to join if us want
Nowl*
Possibly later but rn I'm doing work underneath bowl
Uhhhmmmmm
No
I did already
I'm not sure...I don't think so though 
GEICO Policy: Your payment of $112.35 for policy ending in 7488 will be billed to the credit/debit card ending in 6131 on 12/13. Reply STOP to end texts.
Sharon is back too
I do what I can
Ahhh, I knew it was something. Looks good 👌🏼
Also, did you get a haircut?
Will do
Switching to FB, battery low
Mhmm, at least Tommy would be proud
Where do I make like ability as a string?
Where do I set it as an int?
In my main, under the ADD section
Don't spend anymore time on this, you have so much stuff to do too. I have no clue what's wrong, I'll ask my TA in lab tomorrow
Ughhh
It ran for you though?
Weird, it won't let me run that
oooo true true hang on
My heart literally started racing
Second to last line in what?
Is printSongInfo written alright?
You love math jokes 
Ugh
I know the array size is one hundred
Idk
 error when I tried to put newSong in, not just when I wanna print
That's my guess too...but if I take out the cout line with "printSongInfo" the program runs fine. If SongArray[i] is null, I feel like it would call an
Dis reminded me of u 
Wait, are you on campus?
I don't think I need to touch it there, I just set the maxSong size on line 92
The INIT command? Yeah I know that runs, I had to do that and test it awhile ago
The username can either enter commands on the command line or they can pass in a file and the commands will be read from there
It's initialized to 100, I'm only adding 3 songs :/
The INIT command in my test.txt initializes the maxSize of the songArray
I'm guessing my songs aren't adding and I'm trying to print something that's not there, but line 30 on Pandora.cpp should be working, I don't get it
I have the print statement in "add" function on Pandora.cpp, so it's tripping there
Pandora.cpp, when I try to print out the song information of the songs I've added to the heap array. I wanted to see if my adjust heap is sorting them correctly
Do whatcha ya gotta do lol
I like to keep things accurate
I sent it, don't judge me I've never done a heap 😬
Smh, I knew I should have kept the penis
That's crazy
Fuck
Wow
Not all about the money, I get that
And yeah I guess that's true, JPs offer seemed pretty handsome tho
My codes pretty messy :/
240's going I guess, I'm trying to see if my max heap is working but I'm seg faulting so I can't tell
I thought you preferred JP regardless?
I'm pretty much psychic
I think you mentioned it was coming this week, when you texted me it popped into my head for some reason and I was right
Lol congrats though that's insane!!!
^I had a feeling
How was yours?!
Also seg faulting :/
Mehhh so so, I'm in that mental state where I know I have so much to do but it hasn't quite hit me yet
What's up buttercup?
192-919 is your Stripe verification code to use your payment info with Pushbullet.com.
Hi 
It's the 3rd paragraph down in the "about JPM "section.
I'm at lot t
Yeah I'll be there in a minute 
I get out of class in 5 minutes ill be outside dickinson
We ain't in it I swear
By the women's bathroom
Go to the old Union
We left
NOOO
The letter says you have till Dec 21 accept by signing the letter.  I guess you can try to stall JPM till after the holidays but you still wouldn't hear from Bloomberg till acouple of weeks after the interview. I guess you're going to have pick one and back out if you get Bloomberg.
Where u at
It just says ny metro area. Citi didnt specify the exact location either just ny, Long Island city and Jersey city which are its 3 main hubs. Citi did specify ICG. JPM' s brokerage is massive. I guess you can technically be on the bank side W/ JPM since they didn't specify. The offers seem very similar.
When do you have to let JPM know by?
I haven't seen anything about Murph yet. Did u get the offer letter from JPM?
What do you mean?
Well we have had it.  Just haven't done much in past few years.  
We are official u know 
Check out the website when u have a sec.  Another thing to add to resume!! Lol
😘
I know I have log in information 
I don't know. It's not urgent.  I'll find out the info so u can go look. I don't have anything to update yet but hopefully over the next few weeks 
Just to add a few things    
I need to update it    I don't even know what program the guy used before.  
Would you date a girl taller than you?
Lolol
You into that?
Mhmm, fair enough
I haven't been on Tindr in forever, what else is new on it?
Hahahaha, that's great
Super liked?
Any prospects?
Ah, yes that's a clear sigh
Can you even say her name correctly?
I will. I'll probably do it during algo tomorrow
Not yet. I want to make some changes but the coloring and plotting stuff is easy
Ok then it's pretty much done. I'm going to work on it a little tomorrow and see if I can get it to be animated because it'll be cleaner and look cooler
You want to generate a new graph every time we update?
So animating this is a bitch. Have you ever used Jupyter?
Would u be interested in helping me with our website 
Go for it
Lol
You played no role, I did that to myself! I remember you got me a drink but I don't believe I drank that much. James kept buying us shots too
Why you?
I couldn't even look at the bottle of Smirnoff on my desk, I had to throw a tshirt over it
Mayyyyybe
Lol
Damn, that's rough :/
Were you hungover this morning?
a is a thing, I should go there more often
The kitchen and living room, it takes fucking forever 😒 I forgot a
What're you doing?
I was just with Annika at the marketplace, I'm heading back up to Hillside and cleaning since it's my turn, then possibly coming back down to G7
Ok
Do you remember the number he gave for when you know you've converged?
<3
ty bb I appreciate
Yeah I just whipped one up. Ok cool I should be good to do it now thanks
Never mind I see. We only visualize if it's 2D
Ok I'm not sure how that would be plotted
Are the x and y coordinates in data?
Got it
Have you run it?
How do I run your code
Yeah
!!!
your not my real dad
No no your doing it wrong
You plug it in and then use it to look at tits dummy
Lol
Have fun :)
Is that an issue?
Yep!
Nope
I plan on it
It's so foggy I can't seeee
Same, I'm glad you guys were dt, I have no clue where the XC girls went
Thanks ❤️
Don't judge me I didn't have a flaskkkk
Yeah, heading up to Hiklside
Thanks for checking :)
Yeah, I skipped a bunch of freshies and somehow made it
Wood floors, actually
It's a pretty nice basement, furnished and everything
I don't see you :/
I'd answer the call but I can't hear anything
I had to pee afterall, are you on the 2nd floor?
I left sowwee :( 
Wahhh I'm leaving!
Is that bad?
Side room?
I don't see you
Upstairs wit Darren 
Are you at dills now?
About to ;)
I went out with the XC team, everyone kind of scattered at this point tho
Mhmm, gotcha
JT, where are you?
Are you downtown?
 I'm at dillys
So are you alive haha
Me and James were at the far corner of the bar chillin haha
Word were chilling
They might try and make you pay the cover just say you're grabbing a friend and leaving
Alright haha
You gonna go out?
I might just head home haha
Idk how long were staying think we're about to head dt soon
I hate lamb issues
What our plan is*
Idk what our lamb issue
Still at thirstys
I just went onto the rat maybe I'll see u guys later or something 
Yeah haha r u there?
Aight I'll let you know in a few
You gonna be there for a while we're about to come at like 12
Still at colonial?
Booooo
No no its okay thanks for telling me!!
Word cuz we be doin foods
Colonial?
Where be you?
We'll do a couple dranks but we ain't lookin to stay out late
Thank you 😁
I guess we'll see 
If it's that late I'm prob not gonna go 
Oh. No haha I just don't know what to do about dt 
Why 
Hayes 
Okay. Not really sure what to do lol 
Hmm 
Kk thanks :)
Idk. They said because of Santacon. Do you have any friends who might know? 
Do you know if that's true? 
One of my friends told me that the bars don't open until midnight 
Hi frand 
I will lmfao exploring all possibilities 
deffs gonna strive to go there lol
it was really good. it is a very beautiful college and it's huge I didn't know it would be that big 
I'm home lol my uncle dropped me off here after the college tour 
eff saying they're ok and that there is a delay. thanks for the phone numbers, I realized that I didn't have their phones at all 
okay thank you. it's because they are at grandma's and they were supposed to get here at 6.30 but it's 7.30 so I got worried but I just got a text from j
erik do you know Coreys and your grandma's house number?
Are you going to the game?
Idk I wasn't planning on getting turnt tn 
Lmao that's intense
That's like so not fair to you
That's really generous if you but I feel bad
What are you doing tonight ?
Not yet
Wait are we both going to the senators
I'm going to the bsens game tooooo
Wow what a coincidence
You?
The 18th I believe
How's Langert
She's chillin
Yea
Don't make Thirhse make me go out I literally have zero dollars
Chillin
Going to the bsens game
bug report for my.binghamton.edu. In hillside plugged into ethernet, it identifies you as not on campus for laundry purposes 
She's also moving that stuff to her machine
My mom is downloading child pornography onto it as we speak
You left your rescon usb at my house
Ok cool. I should be able to get a good amount of it done tomorrow and then we can meet up and taco bout it
Yeah that's fine with me. Did you push the code to github? Also when do we present?
Mhmm alright
Also, if I'm tryna get wine but my license is technically expired, do you think I'll have a problem?
The 21st lol
Okay cool, jw
What day is your last final?
Erik it's been 8 minutes the deal is almost up
Clever
Ha
Gucci Gucci
Yeah, bout to get turnt in Catskill but I can meet you at my place.
bruh where u been
Ok. Ifs it's ok you might as well just say no to Citi. It's much bigger and a little bit of a better name.
Don't fuck it up
Congrats!!!!!!!!!!
Ok , yeah, the money is about the same. When is JPM's deadline?
Fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!congratulations!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks tho!
That's okay, I can drive since I'm not sure when I'll be leaving
very nice very nice <3
Yes. Text me at around 4:00 just to make sure, but I should be there at around 4:30. Otherwise, I’ll definitely be there at 10:00.
Ey bb
New monitor arrived today, plugged it in, works fine.

Wrapping up your monitor in a few minutes so it will be ready4pickup whenever you want.
I'm coming!! 
Lol yeah
okie let me text my friend!
Yeah my bill would be upwards of $800 and I'm not about that
At some point in the future could you assist me in downloading my books illegally for next semester
Mhmm, she was a wonderful woman
I don't see it as a choice :/
Okie
yep!
idrc one that has that champagne. the one i usually go doesn't have it
:)
:( I don't wanna go but it's part of my grade
I have a public speaking lab right before it!
hey! so come behind endicott around 6? 
Ohhh good call
I don't think there'd be anyone downtown anyway, everyone's just gunna wait til Friday for Santacon,..
Lol...I can't believe you spent money on that
Also that's hilarious lol I love Sofia
But I have to finish...
nooo I have to finish my stuff! I can't fail this class :(
Does that count?
Lol
I was considering doing shots in G7
Don't buy my ticket!
Mhmm maybe if we didn't have peer dinner I could take tonight off but my projects due at 9pm tomorrow, I gotta finish tonight :/
I can't tonight, I have so much due tomorrow :(
Aw you don't have to get me anything!! Those tickets are pricy, I won't allow it - but thanks for offering :)
Thank you Erik :)
Yours is the fifth
Mines today, lol
hehehe :D
I need a little more help than Upe can give most times if there is someone you could refer me to that would be great, it's due tomorrow
why does chrissy like to ruin things
muahhahahah
or am i your secret santa :)
i know i won’t top the flask, what do you want doe
I’m your secret santa
chrissys dumb
erik what do you want for christmas
You're the type to always pull through 
I see you survived the walk home 
Yeah we don't really need to talk about anything
Actually have to do something at 12 do you want to just talk during algo?
Haha yes and I finished my paper 🙅
thank you
Tell me I'm pretty
Left but CW has my keys 
FB
Sent you the link
He should go to UPE tutoring hours
Merp, I don't feel remotely qualified/I'm also pretty pressed for time :/
Ugh
I didn't see
What is wrong dear child
?¿
👍🏼
Unless you wanted to come back that night? If anyone's sober..
It's on a Saturday, so drive up same day and find somewhere to crash for the night?
Dopeeeee
Who?!
<3
Just realized I have your number. I'm outside your house 
my friend Allison might want to take a ride bc it's supposed to snow tomorrow but after you and I can eat in C4 or something
K. 
Ugly sweater party on a Wednesday?
K
How bout a gift card to stein mart and a whole bunch of hugs and kisses from u
At least you don't have to make an extra trip and u don't have to move ur final.
I was getting a sandwich
...pussy
Are you in app?
You're a sick fuck
No
I'll pass, all my time needs to go to not failing number systems
around 6 okay?
Ok
It's due late Friday so I have a little time
Lmk when you're here
Come
erikkkk!! when are you free tomorrow? it's supposed to snow so I can't walk to the liquor store and I haven't hung out with you so two-in-one
If you're able
Lol
Quick
Call me
Damn shame
I agree that that guy is probably screwed and will be burned at the stake
Thanks for the clarification 
Got it
You told Annika we're fucker 
I thought you knew what I was talking about
Me for automata?
That conveys being a dumbass
I think it's a nice spelling 
Oh idk
thanks for the warning
aight
damn
on a scale of 1 to fukt how fucked
Word
Ciw is between us
Why do we have to go to her
Ohh ok
I'll letcha know
Possibly
Haven't been to hinman in a while
Idc
Ight fam
It went really well
I'm going to the gym now but you can definitely pick me up If you feel so inclined and we can app it out
I just got out of the ICD
Bruh*
Brush
6?
Hinman?
amazing
"Our culture has actually taught our kids to be this self-absorbed and narcissistic,'' Piper wrote.

"Any time their feelings are hurt, they are the victims. Anyone who dares challenge them and, thus, makes them 'feel bad' about themselves, is a 'hater,' a 'bigot,' an 'oppressor,' and a 'victimizer.'''


is this fuckiing real
“In his blog post, Piper describes a student complaining to him that he felt "victimized" by a sermon involving a specific Bible verse because it made him feel bad for not showing love.”
Welp, this is gonna be great
ty babe <3
I'll let you know when I pick up the new monitor on Friday
Tomorrow
So when do you wanna meet up?
Do you want to meet at noon and talk about it over lunch?
Why would you be sad? I browsed longer than I should have the other night, there's some good stuff in there
Mhmmm sure sure
Lol
...Thank you?
I thought that was me?
Really? Did not see that coming
Alex?
I feel like at least half of the peer advising office would be down
Oh, crap, yeah scratch that
Oh, lol good point
Hmm I don't know any hardcore Lil Wayne fans but I'll ask around
Weird, I just saw something about presale being this Thursday
Yeah, looks like it'll range from $30-$80
Hey bud! I put in the order, and the new monitor is supposed to arrive on Friday. I’ll let you know when I pick it up and you can come carry away my current one. Square me at your leisure. (y) <3
Lmao, I'm glad you know me so well. That's gunna be so much fun, I haven't been to a real concert in ages
Wow, that sounds incredible, yeah definitely! Where is it?
In the real I'm broke af
Word.
So I'm just the backup plan?
Here
It's really designed  to take affect after you start working there.
Basically 99% of people are working "at will". You can also leave at any time. 
I think you are going to get some big offers but maybe this guy can offer you a ground floor opportunity if it the company really has potential.
Yeah, stay in touch with him. It's probably only a little more than a year till u start looking for a full time position.
I'm not sure about the tech side is but it looks like citi will pay you $16k more. I would get a big name on your resume  and some money in your pocket for now. If you want to join a start up after graduation id say go for it
Nvm
Mhmmm
Yeah that video makes sense, I was thrown off when you mentioned double linked list
What type of company is it?
I thought it was a stack, basically, that you could take things off the front and back
........wait.......
How are you with deques?
Thank you my good sir
Think it's jasonipp2215
Yeah so we should both definitely go over our lines more before we meet again anyway
Do you think we should just wait until we all meet so we can get feedback on what we're doing so we don't get used to anything? Also, have you gone over your lines yet again...cause I haven't really had time to yet
Thursday between 12 and 2:50
Probably not
Yeah I'd like to meet in person some time
I have class from 4:25-5:50 but that'd it
When do you want to meet up?
Yeah sure
Hey do you think I could get some help with a lab sometime possibly? 
No rush
Thanks!
Wait, can you describe exactly where the cpods are? Just had like 3 questions
Yeah it was there so I was like fuck it
Go apply if you haven't so you don't miss out
I guess all the spots are taken
I'm on the waitlist
I'm on the wait list for MSG too
I guess so
The last day the first day and whichever one is jbb
I wouldn't do more than like a 40lb kettle ball/dumbbell. It's meant to be somewhere between a supplement, warmup, stretch 
I'd be more than happy to sell it for ~$250
Acer B286HK
It's a 28-inch 4K display. Excellent condition (have you fucking met me?), got all the cables. HDMI, DisplayPort, tons of USB3 ports.
Ok
Like I'm so excited 
Omg stop same!! 
Thank u for presenting today u did an awesome job!! 
Yr package came.
Should be fairly simple to do yet interesting
Just watched the k means stuff
I have two 
On my way back 
Ok 
lmfao I will take a look for sure 
eep that in mind for the next weeks 😍😍😍
oh nice I didn't know u had mine craft on the xbox 1 too but I'll k
Ight
Ok I only have one class tomorrow
Yeah when's it due?
oh wow hahaha i got busted 
lmfao okay thanks, and is it ok if I add my cousins lucas? bc he has black ops 3 too and I wanted to play zombies with him. I would delete him b4 u come back 
meow
hmmm
I just wanna dance?
yo can I play your xbox?
I remember that I spent a lot of time on it and it wasn't that hard...I'm not sure I remember enough to be helpful but I can see if I still have the file
YAYAYAY can't wait I'll send out in a little 
Thank u if u don't wanna do it just let me know 
Okay can u send me an abstract again 
Just let me know so I can send an email or we can set it for next week and make it the last one 
Whatever u would like 
Hii do you want to present today 
You're right, porn*
Wow, I'm super jelly. Good motivation though
Some of those butts cannot be real
Damn. That first one..she has nice boobs
I personally like the thread about "weirdest thing that's ever happened to you in bed" or something like that. Too damn funny
Well done
*Slow clap*
Don't they?
Everyone does
👍🏼
At least none I plan on sharing
😉
I don't have any kinks
Hopefully
Lol, a simple man. Well all I can say is don't be afraid to be a little selfish if you want to try something. Sex is a two-way street
Haha I don't really have sexy advice ready to go, but I'll always answer questions
She should compromise for you, too, though. Even if it's not her favorite thing, if you're into it you guys can probably reach a happy medium
Lol no of course not. You guys just like different things then..if it's a huge dealer breaker, then onto the next girl
#communicationissexy
I wanna say sure why not, but also asking as you go is perfectly acceptable. "Do you like your hair pulled?" will clarify everything
True <3
Eh, choking is probably for a smaller crowd, but as far as dominating I'd say yeah
I don't think you've realized it yet, but I'm actually an awful
Person
Lmaooo yeah oops :/ disregard
Rape carefully, and I'll never have to
Your comment about girls leggings providing an extra layer of defense makes more and more sense
orehand. "Consensual forced sex" is a better, less catchy term
Ahh. Well from what I understand it's a popular one. I think the word "rape" makes it sound more taboo than it is - It's not rape if it's agreed upon bef
Not judging, just curious
Haha how did that come up?
Go on...
You right, that's how I got caught last time I guess
I think if you labeled it "not child porn" it would be more accurate
Lol that convo was funny
I'm not clicking that
Dammit, I should have known
Lmao, word of the day
Hahaha, *vagina
Don't tell me what to do with my bagina
Haha, given the right circumstances maybe, but I'm saying there's more to him than a pretty face
Being compared to Dwight is the highlight of my day. I wouldn't say crush, I just like the way he carries himself.
Nah, Creeds aight, but I think best character is a toss up between Jim and Dwight
No...no we don't...
 Hmm, Steve Carell is bae, but maybe I'll pick it up again. I miss Jim and Dwight
Oh, no, I pooped out at the beginning of 8 - is season 9 worth it?
Which episode?
Fuck yeah, the office
Sounds solid, I wish I could get drunk four nights in a row and push all my hangovers to the fifth day
Yeah as long as we know our lines we will be fine
I'm kind of nervous but I think we'll be fine winging it
Yeahh as long as we both know our lines really well it should be fine
Okay thanks. How was your break?
Do you know if ResCon library hours remain the same for next semester?
It may be a little hard. I'm on my way back now, but maybe like 10ish...that's pretty late though?
You texted me after I left and I forgot them
Already did
...those are mine lol
Probably what do they look like
Oh shit, yea they aren't leaving until 5:45. My mom is probably still out
You called
Ok cool thabks man
Can you get to my house before 5:45? Thy way they can leave from here?
Halo 5 Guardians Standard Edition - Xbox One [Digital Code] $52.99
Thank you for using Newegg SMS Service. Your price request will be sent shortly.
Lololll Imy 
See you end of jan lol 
Literally going MIA until Mcats are done 
SAD 
AND IM NOT THERE 
UR WOTH MY BEOTHER WHAT
Yes sir
Gucci
I'm here
Can't talk right now...what's up?
Do you want a ride to Sarah O's later?
3
And I have ac from you
Nah not yet. But it came with gears of war
Get ready to fuck shit up
I did I did
Ok cool I completely forgot
Assassins creed
Can I pick up the game?
Yo
And sooooo a little better than average?? Booooo
Happy thanksgiving!! I'm thankful for you I love you
Happy thanksgiving!!!!! 💛💜💙💚🍗🐔🎉💕
Hehe I will!
Happy thanksgiving!!!
Ok I'm in the doorway so you go to the right house
Ho far are you
Dad says no one cares about you
He said he lost count for the drinking one
He thought you meant house number
Oh shit he didn't get the question
He wants you to go to the wrong house
He said 17
The fam is getting restless they say you make a poor replacement for Emily hahah
Dad says "the foods getting cold can we eat yet "hahah
Hurry or you'll miss the show
Dads already drunk it's getting bad hahah
We're gonna have dinner now, just letting you know
 Wow for the first time you have nothing to say 😂😂😂
Happy thanksgiving Erik!
I'll suggest we all play Russian roulette, except the gun is fully loaded and you go first...
I'm gonna need another drink....
Out*
Also we already talked about the holocaust and nazis so you missed ou
Oh lord help us all
no I just need to know how much more time I have to get drunk before you get here
   What time you think you'll get here?
We've been here for like an hour
Btw the house number is 19
;)
In other words, Happy Thanksgiving to you too Erik :)
A WISHBONE🙅🏽🙅🏽🙅🏽 UP YOUR❗️🍑🍑 ASSCRACK🖕🏼🍑🍑❗️
💩SHIT 💩IN YOUR PUMPKIN PIE 🌽🍰AND YOU WILL WAKE UP💤😴🙅🏽 WITH 
💯 IN 🔟TEN 🔟🔟SECONDS OR THE TURKEY 🦃GODS 👀👁🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾WILL 
UFFED 💯 🙄😜😝YAMS 🍆🍠👌🏽👍🏼🖕🏼. SEND THIS TO TEN BLAZERS💨🌬
🦃🍗💦AS YOU CHOKE ON A TURKEY 🦃🦃🐔DICK🍗 AND FEAST 🍴🍽ON CUM-ST
RSDAY🙇🏽👨‍👩‍👧‍👧👩‍👩‍👧‍👧👨‍👨‍👧‍👧 BECOMES THIRST-DAY 💦 🍗
🌬🌬THIS WEDNESDAY BECOMES 🍃💨🍃WEED-DAY 🍃💨🍃---> AND 🌽🦃🌽 THU
its DANKsgiving 🖕🏼🖕🏼U HUNGRY 💯HUNGRY 😘😘HOES‼️ 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🌬
You too!
Oh boy that is priceless 
Lol sorry I'm dead tired
Gucci
Go with Tom and I'll meet you. Getting shit on right now
8:00
Dope
Gucci
Yo
7:00 we'll come get you
Gucci I'll text you what time
Ok
We going to the spanglers tonight. You coming???!
Yo
Yessir
Going to spanglers tn. Come with us.
(Briefly introduced!) Confirmed 1: : _pgj.cc/UF5HaB _ Stp
No I'm still looking for myself and it looked like something you'd like so I'm just passing it along. Haha wish I had any type of connection but sadly I don't
No I'm still looking for myself and it looked like something you'd like so I'm just passing it along. Haha wish I had any type of connection but sadly I don't
Not sure if you're still on the internship hunt but mongodb software engineering intern looks cool and up your alley!
sorry I couldn't answer my teacher is strict about phones. and it's okay my mom picked me up today thank you though 
Well done 
How bout gift card to golf smith.  We have one close here
Sup boy
Hahaha. Yoda or any action figure would be good.  Even a t shirt would be good.  
And maybe a nice scented candle for Julia
How bout something star wars for Alex
Sorry we will take care of it. We have no clue either
It's the thought that counts 
Yeah. I have no ideas
Not sure. I'll take care of it.  Im sure just your presence will be gift enough 😀
I love you
You're so gay
I'm here rn
I do lmfao
Why is closed
I would say dsw for shoes and I would say the tj max or marshals for jeans
Verdict decided
I don't like him
Send him home
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
And boxed wine
Ask him if he likes chipotle
Damn it useless
Orrrrr has he not met Adam
Ask the fuck kill marry question
Ask if he knows what catdog is
Ask if his balls dropped
Sinces he's a baby
Ask him if he has his drivers license
I thought that was the main
It's not Angelo??
Okay I'll be there soon
https://i.imgur.com/aCp7GVG.png
Yup
That's fine. Can u drink?
I believe in you
Make him uncomfortable
Do it
Do the first one
Yes that
ask him how big his penis is without making it obvious
erik you have one job
you need to give me the 411 on joni’s potential boy
Great seeing you. Thanks for coming over.  Hope the traffic wasn't too bad.  Love you. 
I'm home my mom dropped me off, thnx tho bruh
Wait was that an "I can't make it" oh yea or more of a Kool-Aid man "Oh Yeaaahh!"?
Where do u think the best place to smoke would be?  I thought mallon's house but he's busy 
So u free tonight?
Ok good.
Are u coming today?
Hey.  The dog is asleep and so is Piper.   We have to get up real early tomorrow to have her spayed at 9am.  Have fun and I'll call tomorrow. 
This is a joke right https://www.facebook.com/groups/HHCirqueDuTwerque/permalink/438766156321071/
2014978077 is a landline #. Reply Y to send all TXT messages to this # as voice messages for 0.25/msg. + std msg fee. Details @ vtext.com, TexttoLandline
Is beer perishable
Lel
Brandeis was nice for shabbat and I went to MIT Saturday night, and that was soooooo fun :) I love it there 
And yes we have to!!! 
Okay awesome!! Exciting things! 😄
Boston was ahhhhhhmazing, so many hilarious stories 😄
When do you hear back? 
Oh man I'm sorry :( 
Any luck?
Oh jeeze, busy night
Watching the walking dead by chance? lol 
Any ideas?
Okay that's good!! How was the jp Morgan interview on Friday??
👍🏼
y go there first 😬
Yeah, damn sorry, I don't know why I thought you would automaticall
By the engineering building?
Alright sweet
Oh, outside where?
I sent it
👍🏼
What's your email?
Lol I was just kidding, no worries. Were you able to fix it?
8:22 and 30 seconds my butt...
Thank you Erik!! 😁 I had a great weekend. How was yours??
Alright sounds good
Sweet, we are meeting now I assume?
Could we meet at the Linux lab at the library?
And that's fine
Yeah but I'm at hillside, where do you wanna meet up?
Yeah, if you still want to, I know it's kinda late
This is Chris from tutoring 
Hey sorry I didn't get back until recently
Lmao, Dwight is the best ❤️
And I do lol
😳😱If you get 10 back😮🤔🤑 you are one baddd turkey stuffer🍆💦🌽
 most thankful for! If not, you gon gain 30 pounds on thanksgiving 
eceive😍😫 thanks🍑Send this text ❗️▶️ to the ten sluts😈😽💦you're
🐔 a good👍🏼👌🏼ole jerky✊🏻 and get ready 🤗😎 to give😏🙄😘 OR r
t turkey🦃🍆😏and you sluts🙆🏼👅👄 make sure you give that🦃turkey
sgiving 👏🙏  make sure you stuff that 😻pussy🙀🐱 right like a pha
😛 R u a sexy lil pilgrim?😈🎩🏃 or a naked native¿¿👹😵✊This thank
Spanksgiving👋🏻🦃🌽 is right around the corner you dirty slut😈😏
Of coarse
Yah your line 3-6 but if you switch your qb your could beat Shawn
I'm not sure what you mean but do it lol
Go switch your qb
I just got back to binghamton! 
Hiii I'm sorry I fell asleep in the car 
Word np
I'm still finishing hw
Now room
😬
In c4
We poopin
Yo
Testicles
Mhmmm okay
A console divided cannot stand
Lmao jk, an avocado would have been awesome though. Next time
You had one job
Mhmm, don't get me excited
Nope
Oh boy lol, I'm excited for both
We can't I only have the 360
I'm not moving for at least 5 hours
Yeah I literally just walked in lol. I live here
Wow slumming with us peasants
What's up? :)
Hiii 
Ughhh you're the worst. I have 240 due Tuesday and a 320 quiz Tuesday
I was actually supposed to go to 'tracksgiving' but I have too much work, sadly that'll be my day. When are you going home?
Daww, don't make me blush 😘
Lol yeah
I know, it should be the other way around but shhhhh
"Hot but not a mess"
it!-ler" award, another guy who hooked up with a rather large girl downtown got the "Pussy has no face...but it does have a BMI" award
Haha yeah I did, mine wasn't too exciting. Some of them were pretty funny though. The kid who makes a lot of Jew jokes and swears a lot got the "Adolf Sh
And haha that sounds amazing, glad it was fun
Thank you
How was your dinner last night?
Well nowhere now!! Answer your 1am texts next time, then ill reconsider
If you can't be a dependable booty call, I'm going to have to re-evaluate this relationship
Intuxedos
Intucedos
No second space
Ughhhh
Hi!! Sorry, busy night! What's up? 
U dt?
I'm going down
Fucker
Feef
To where
Tru
What are you doing
K
He wants to know if they accept fakes lol
Word
I could just tell home no
Idk if you're down for josh coming but he's bugging me about going out tn
Did you really not have pants on?
Ok lmk
i must lay down for an hour
too early for zones
yes balls!  i just ate a lot and its early
I'm ready to go asap
What are YOU doing
Woah take it easy there chief i can help ya out
I think I'm going out believe it or not
But are you down for whatever?😏
*time
What one
A nice man date indeed
Word
Raul already ate he said he's good
Wanna do zonas?
I'll see what's good
But that might only be compliance, don't let that stop you.
And that they are slave driving jerks. I knew a couple of people who quit Barclays and they made them stay 6 months just to screw up their new job. Another guy quit citi and when to Barclays for a huge raise and has been beginning to come back ever since. But then again you might get Islander tickets.
Yes based on Barclays and HSBC. Both are British and have that reputation. It only takes 2 to make a stereotype.
Okay lol
I'm in dire need
I'm taking an introvert night
Typed out my answer then didn't answer
Sorry sorry
My work # 201-447-8352. Cell no reception.
Ha ha.  Ok its on the menu then. See you Monday.  Key in mailbox 
Yo yo
I know a lot of people that  worked there. They pay well but are late working British.
Do you like pulled pork.?
3 plate club 
That's a pr for me
315
I'd like to thank my momma, Lebron James, duhwayne wade and jeebut
Ight bet
u evr in cp in need sumtn jus holla at meh bro
Its jeff from cp bro i had ur # on my old fone...jus wantd to let u kno dis is my new # i kno u havnt hmu im awhile u must b doin big things rn...but if 
Its jeff from cp bro i had ur # on my old fone...jus wantd to let u kno dis is my new # i kno u havnt hmu im awhile u must b doin big things rn...but if 
Lol ur tha 2nd person sayn dat to meh
Is dis erik ?
Where are you
I am coming in like 5 mins
Wat
No I was with my friend for his birthday but I'm heading to bed
i’m drunk and root@nofap.com
And *cross countryyyyy
And *cross countryyyyy
I just assumed you were drunk
Huh?
I need sleep, I have to race
I'm sad, I wish Lilly's was tomorrow
:(
I can't get turnt and wake up at 6:30am...
I already re-sent it, something's wrong with your phone
I'd love to go out, but I'm leaving for the Bronx tomorrow at 6:30am :/
Lol, nvm
Yeah, you had mentioned the other day there wasn't a way to search through a Facebook chat, but there is...
Really? Hmm weird, it was just a picture of the search feature
I'm hyped
Tonight at 2am
The letter says you can get free identity monitoring. I'll leave in your drawer and you can look at it next week.
Did u apply to the U.S. Govt for a job? You got a letter saying your personnel file including your fingerprints were compromised in a cyber intrusion.
Okay
Haha no we're gonna figure that out
Either Tuesday or Wednesday night
Haha glad you appreciate it
What?
You are cordially invited to a gathering of marijuana and fourloko with the Duke of Rushmore Avenue and Lady Pisacone
Are u coming home this week?
Yo
Gotcha 
Prob stats?
Haha gotcha. What class?
 I want to message Alex on snapchat and say "maybe it's you"
Magical
Sounds
That
Yeah, I'm sure they will understand u being busy over the break and traveling etc.
Ok, I'm sure Synch and Citi will understand  not getting back to them over thanksgiving break.
good. are you lifting today
4% milk fat #fugyeagains
I think it's small curd. I get the red container from wegmans
Isn't the $ 80k offer a lot higher than $27 per hr?  Is Bloomberg your first choice? Did they say when they will get back to you?
Twitter devs dropping race bombs 
What did he say? How much are they offering?
I'm actually not sure! 
Did u interview with Bloomberg?
I'm in the big room
Okie dokes
App
Yas*
I'm actually walking there as we speak alone so has
I have been hella busy with my copious amounts of work I apologize
Erik my friend
Ok. I switched my days next week. I will be off on Tuesday.  See you monday night.
Hanging with kaitlyn and getting sleepy with you tom josh and Justin
nope
You're so nosy 😒
I know
You're so lucky, I have 3 classes on Tuesday
Oh cool man. No class on Tuesday or just skipping it?
Lol me too. I get home Wednesday morning. I'm leaving here around 5:30am
I'll tell the gang. Very nice! Me too dude, I want to get out of here
How're you doing?
Yes sir!
I made the account but we all have access to it. The show is next Saturday night at revolution
What email?
Ok. Thanks. 
Lell
Look at Alex's douchy snap story
Verizon Msg: You've used nearly 1 GB more than the 6GB of data in your plan (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle is $15 per 1GB. Thank you for choosing Verizon.
How was weggies?
nd see if I can switch my days to be off on Tuesday. Let me know.  
Hi Erik.   What time will you leaving our house next Tuesday ? I am sceduled to work  Monday and Tuesday.  If you are staying over on Tuesday I can try a
Yo
He gets home at nine. Then works Tues.  I'll see if he can switch to be off Tuesday.  How long can  you stay Tuesday? 
Come and beat the traffic. Settle in downstairs bedroom. We can eat out or in. Good pizza pasta place or the Japanese again. Decide when you get here.
Yes it is. You can come when its best for you.  I'll leave the key in the mailbox, for top lock. I should be home by 6pm.
Do you still plan to come Monday Nov  23? We hope so. Any changes let me know. 
Mfw I have to remove my endorsements for Alex 
Ok sounds good. Dickinson side again?
I just got back so whenever you want to do it
Do you want to meet on top of c4?
Acm just emailed. Should you send out a hackbu email asap?
See ya at 7:00/7:15
Why?
Yep!
I'm on my way back now. Lots of traffic though. Won't be back until close to 8ish maybe later. We can meet sometime later tonight?
Yeah sure whatever u wanna do 
My bad. Phone was on silent lol 
Want me to do my gangster call
It's along the outside wall
Down to corner then left
Left left
Bring yo stuff
I'll go get them
Get your ass over here or suffer
Yea both do
Being me a charger I don't wanna move and lose the spot
I don't know if any up here that don't
2
Ya
Just got 2 huge tables come to the left and make a left at the corner I'm right here
Be there in a few
Which side are you on?
Alright I'm chilling outside for a few minutes to wake back up be up in a few
Yea but for real
😁👍
Naked with a glass of Chardonnay
Just out of class
What's your status
Heh heh, where is telecom listed under...
A decision.
i feel like you should’ve been the girl and i the boy
hashtag poundtown
Yeah they're ok too. They are bigger than citi since it sold Smith Barney. It looks like the synchrony and citi offers will expire before u get a design from Bloomberg or JPM.
Will do.  Luv u.  Let me know how it goes in Friday
As butch just said...Just as well they suck. Don't worry it will happen for you.   My interview today went well I think. I had 4 different interview with six different people. I won't hear for another couple weeks.  
the young and hot studs that get mad bitches
WOOOOOOOOOOOO jp morgan would put you with all the hot studs anyways
An interview? Are you coming down Friday? Did u apply to all of these places?
She is a great dog. Very playful too and a huge cuddle bug
Thinking next fall but not positive
Ok was jw bc not sure when I am yet
This is so random but r u graduating this year or next year
She can't wait to meet you and you are going to absolutely ❤️ her
Ohhh nifty okay thanks
So many shenanigans
Dope
Gucci. When you coming home
Sounds like a plan man
Oh I thought you said dead lol
Yeahs that's fine. I'm getting the xbox one soon
Do I contact someone on campus for that, or do I just tell Bryan to contact them himself?
What's that mean?
Oooooooooo. How bout 30.
Well you probably spent 60 on it right
him and set up a time to check it out?
nnection from the converter to the TV so I had him plug that in. It lets him run the scan but it only finds two channels :/ do you think you could email 
I'm sorry Erik, I couldn't figure out the issue. He had everything plugged in and connected properly from what I could tell, he was missing an antenna co
Nvm
I feel retarded, does Cleveland have a b side?
I probably miss drunk dominos the most out of all things American
I'm 63% sure that's a yes. How much do you want for it
That's ok -I'm not impressed with Citi either.
When do u have to let Citi know?
fuck them, just use your entrepreneurial skills and build a bigger financial firm than gold mans
i protect my babies
WHO THE FUCK DOES GOLDMAN SACHS THINK THEY ARE
I’m so mad now!!!!!!
you need a tub of ice cream and like 5 liters of wine
Haha yes so do I, so the weekend sounds perfect
and you have every right to mope and feel bad for yourself
today is a shitty day
you have every right to be sad
so their fucking loss
so they need people like you who are smart and capable, not the dumbasses that are currently there
and goldman sachs is one of the reasons for the global economic crisis
 boy
You're one of the most driven/passionate people I know and it's insanely inspiring. You make me wanna do great things, so don't fret. You're golden, pony
pportunities and if you so choose I'm sure in the future you could try again and perhaps get it with the extra experience. But seriously, I say ef them. 
You're killing the game on various levels. Goldman Sachs are dummies for turning ya down, they don't know what they're missing. You have a ton of other o
and you are so capable of anything
d you’re one of my best friends for a reason
it just doesn’t make sense to me, we’ve been friends for so long an
 say things to make you feel better. I’m not that kind of person
no in all seriousness, you know I’m not a bullshiter and would just
Of course! <3 I’m always here to help cheer you up a bit if you need it; hope I can help.
You’re awesome, and don’t forget that.
thats why I’m so confused
ncanny way of making everyone around you just love you instantly
And C)
 regardless of your skill set, you’re so personable and have this u
B) sorry you had a shitty day that's the worst I had a shitty weekend so we'll have to have a chat soon
like knowing you, i know you would’ve killed it at your interviews.
I’m so confused to how you “weren’t good enough”
Believe me, I’ve had my fair share of those days. But, you’re a hard worker, you put in the effort, you’re tenacious, and more than most people I know, you don’t take “no” for an answer. So go put a stick up your professor’s butt and seize the day. :) Erik, you’re a great guy, and you deserve all the best. Maybe it’s just that Goldman Sachs doesn’t deserve you. ;) Go find the company that actually makes you happy. :)
airforce*
you literally worked for the airfare
what the fuck I’m so confused??
What I’m trying to say is, this doesn’t reflect on you at all. There are some days where all the factors are just out of our hands. You gave Goldman Sachs what you could, you put in the effort for acting, and on CS tests, we all fuck up sometimes (me included!). It’s not easy juggling all these things, and some days, everything feels like it’s just tumbling down on our heads.
Are u going except the offers from Synchrony or Citi or are u waiting to hear back from other places?
These big companies don’t care about us, and don’t have time to really put in to deciding who they want. To them, we’re first-come-first-serve, and it doesn’t really matter how much effort we put in to getting there.
I would.
ation to be as sad as you want
A) yeah other people would kill to be in your position BUT that doesn't take away from the shiftiness of your day so you have a millions percent justific
whats up my love
Well
Your background and interview was probably perfect. Theyare know for  obsessively looking for the elite. It could also be nepotism. You almost have to know somebody to get in that place.
I'm more than happy to listen if ya need
It's okay
I’m available by text or here in person if you want, whatever you prefer.
But you can be sad to me if you'd like
This is Therese
Hi Erik
Yeah, of course! <3 What’s up?
Where are you, you want come over?
how is u 2dey
Hello
Mhmm okay
Totally okay I will cancel it! 
Wow, I feel ignored. But alright yeah, I'll be in advising around 4:15
Yeah, did he reply? I didn't see an email
U r amazing 
What should I name it? 
Okay that works thank u loveyy! Ur amazing 
Just let me know by 12 what u wanna do so I can decide what math club does and send an email 
Hahaha whatever u want 
And yes there is 
Gahaha if u want too surely ur choice 
Hahaha u can say no it's completely fine please don't stress ur choice 
Yeah completely can say no was just throwing it out there hahaha I really don't mind at all 
Hi do u wanna present today ? 
Sorry hombre
I'm fooding right now
Yes it wasn't a family member just a really close family friend. 
I'm really sorry but I'm going home for a funeral. I will be back at the latest Tuesday and we can practice for a really long time. I'm really sorry
Erik*
Hi Eric, Ted here. Where are we meeting for the bus?
Okay thanx 
Hey Eric it's Sandesh 
I just wanted to know what time bus will be leaving to binghamton 
Ahhhh gotchu
What are your plans for this evening
Lol thaaaanks
Yessss I figured it out for he most part
I do
I would assume quite?
How well versed are you in making data into graphs?
At dills pretty fucked up. Where you at
Verizon Msg: You've used all the data in your 6GB plan (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle is $15 per 1GB. Or, increase your plan by 2GB for $15 more per month. There's no contract extension. To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing Verizon.
Lmao okie
Fuck yeah
Fuck you we're leaving good night
Okie dokey
next weekend or whenever
miss you too!! and yeah of course!
erikkkkk
Lmk when you're en route
if you are in Binghamton that is
are you in the mood for frozen yogurt
Perfecto
Come thruuuu
Walking to the colonial
Would you like to grab a few drinks
We are downtown
Where you at homeskillet
Okey thanks
Yes
. Did you write my name?
Hi Eric, I am Perim. Tomorrow, I sent a mail to you about the bus. But you didnt say anything. You send mail my group however u didnt send anything to me
We're outside
We're going to be outside in 10 seconds
We'll be there in ~10 minutes
You want us to come pick you up from your place, or are you cool walking?
Yo can you read the cover letter last paragraph quick I'm trying to send this app before we go to dinner
I think I'm gonna jizz if I touch anything on this screen 
He is towards the bottom. I had trouble scrolling all the way down on the site 
Holy Cow!!!!that is awesome. When will u hear back from Gold Sachs
It also says you'll get a one time $2000 payment for relocation.
It's says you'll get those benefits after 90 days, which you won't be there for- which is ok because you would have to pay for them and you are already covered. I don't see anything about full time.
What do you mean full time? Are they going to wait for you for 2 years?
What time are we leaving for RPI?
Coming
I'm in hunter atm we're leaving in a bit
App
I guess you could
I am but like I'm also studying for a test
You still look like a bitch
You look like a bitch behind that desk
https://twitter.com/gselevator/status/657016374389116928
Yeah
Right*
Rifht*
Uve seen GS elevator eofht
Obvi
If u want to tweet, the password is "thejenn"
Erik ily
*Espresso beans
I had some espresso beans on my dresser so I was like why not
One in the pink, one in the stink
Hehehehehe so apparently you're Jewish
Ugh I miss America
Ballsacks
I wanna go to cpk
You're so gay
Hope vlad is doing well
It's okie
Yo bitch better know I'm the long term and she's replaceable lol
n that that's DOPE, congrats!!! 😊
The only thing I object to is your constant use of "(y)." Other tha
Thanks
Thanks chief!
?
Hey do UK what the POp quiz is in Tom 
austin is sharp
alex gets smacked
What $ did Citi offer?
What did Citi offer? Do you have to come back to the city for Bloomberg?
FAntastic!!!! 
Your*
How did you interview(s) go?
red car righy?
ok going 
u know it's in the main circle 
okk
nd Burlington offered me another internship but I turned it down lol. I don't wanna be a buyer
Omg yay!! I'm so proud of you. Can't wait till you wife someone up and you have to tell her that you have an Asian that you need to support and feed!!! A
Gucci
How was it?
Did you have an interview at Goldman Sachs today??
Yup. That's what I want
And get Taco Bell
Let's get weirdly drunk like every day
She's at school
VERY nice. 
Yasss! I'm so proud of you! 😄😄😄
If that isn't an accurate description of our friendship idk what is
Goldman today??
And then I got to drink it sideways after it wasn't rushing out
And it was like a tall boy
So I made you drink it when it was all rushing though
But I was bad at it
I had a dream last night that I made you shotgun a beer with me
okok I'll be waiting at the school 
okok
so like 3.30?
 not to my aunts 
so cometo the school 
wow it'd be great if u could pick me up but I'm not at my aunts I'm at my school in the front circle bc I was taking a test and now I'm done 
It all works out
Nice- did they give you a time frame.
Are u done?
Did u slay or were u slated?
Kk
Permission to screenshot your story for possible future meme?
I have a 373 test but let me know if you need dankness to keep you going throughout the day. http://i.imgur.com/AmXKQh8.png
4 if u ever feelin down. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpY3ggKAPIE
Slay
Booiiiii
Dude where are you
Just redid my schedule and I will not be seeing you in design patterns
Good luck kick some ass!!!! 
It was in a subway entrance near Penn. I bet the commuters just stepped over the dead bodies.
I didn't even hear about it till now.
Verizon.
data by 2GB for $15 more per month. There's no contract extension. To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing
Verizon Msg: You've used about 90% of your 6GB data (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle will be $15 per 1GB. Or, increase your More Everything
Ok 
Lol
Lei yu. His rate my professor isn't too great, I was looking for some hope
I was wondering if you had the professor who's teaching it next semester, I was going to ask what hes like
Mhmm, okay nvm
Who do you have for algo right now?
Oh. Thanks for the tip. I'll look.  I'll see u thanksgiving 🍗
I have my laptop 
Ok.  I think I'll wait till after Christmas sales. It'll give me time to look.  I think I can get one pretty reasonable.   
And is touch screen worth it?
What do u like better , HP or dell?
I'll look a little more.  Just to compare.  I'll bug u later <3
That's basically it.  Store pics 
299 on Amazon.  Lol
Ok awesome. I'm gonna come now
Thoughts? 
Thinking of an HP 21.5" touch screen all in one.  AMD e1-6010 4gb ram.  500 gb hd. Windows 8.1.  $314 on groupon!  Lol
Hola.  I'm thinking of getting an all in one desktop.  Are the AMD processors not as good as Intel celeron/ vs Intel pentium 
Sure
Which side?
Ohhhh. Yeah we always went above c4. That's perfect for me if it works for you!
Yeah 6 works for me. Where do you want to do it/where on campus do you live?
Hey, what time would be best for you to meet today?
I'm doing the courseera machine learning and there is a shit ton of content
GEICO Policy: Your payment of $112.37 for policy ending in 7488 will be billed to the credit/debit card ending in 6131 on 11/13. Reply STOP to end texts.
choosing Verizon.
Verizon Msg: You've used about 75% of your 6GB data (cycle ends the 20th). To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for
Oh Erik
Oh Erik
Ur picking it up tonight?
Just take back ac and get black ops
But I mean like after you unbox it and shit
True
Black ops 3
Trade in ac
Any way to get BO3?
Lmao
*yo
That's a deal to
Do it.
Well
Sounds good bud 
Word
Yea 
Come thru
Not sure just yet
Well then...
Is your dick gonna penetrate my anus?
Not sure might just chill
Bruh
:( 
Of course babe 
Was lasr night okay? 
Hiii! I'm sorry i missed you this morning 
Do you include an objective section on your resume?
Okay 😬
Imma need like 20...
I literally just woke up...
WHOA
Still down for park?
Verizon.
plan by 2GB for $10 more per month. There's no contract extension. To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing
Verizon Msg: You've used all the data in your 4GB plan (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle is $15 per 1GB. Or, increase your More Everything
Alrighty coming at cha
Lol gotchu
Shabbat starts in 5. See you at Hayes. Be downstairs. Gonna be lit af 
Can't. Wait.
That sounds exquisite
Idk whatchu thinking?
ll bring it Sunday 👌🏼
I just left advising, I wasn't sure if I should leave the money. I'
Yooo, Ryan said the money was already collected for paintball? Am I too late?
Cool thanks
Ah alright
Assuming that you are. Are we getting picked up at lot T?
You're going to YHack right?
Har har 
Got it, okay
Anything specific in mind?
Depending on which iPad you want and what you're going to be doing with it.
Looks like it's a date
Lol he doesn't wanna go off campus anyways so we Gucci
May be hard to sell Nick on that but I'm gunna try
:|
I def wanna try it
<3
Still feeling whole in the wall?
No iPad comes with a keyboard natively (though they all support Bluetooth keyboards), but the iPad I mentioned was the iPad Pro.
Imma get Nick in on this as well
Oh stawp it
If you're still down/ available Bruh
Yaaaassssss
She says "Nice!"
I don't know what any of this means but cool.
Verizon.
data by 2GB for $10 more per month. There's no contract extension. To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing
Verizon Msg: You've used about 90% of your 4GB data (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle will be $15 per 1GB. Or, increase your More Everything
Yea 
Ok
Come downtown whenever 
We're at zona now 
Lol no it's because this has happened to me too many times to count
Yeah. Is it with the same guy that has the py game problems?

It's because YouCompleteMe is linked against the system Python instead of the Homebrew ones. He needs to brew unlink python python3, if I'm not mistaken.
It's supposed to rain down here Tuesday. Bring some rain gear if u have it.
Try not to use free wi fi like Starbucks because you can be hacked. I guess you know that already.
When I was interviewing I would have to go to the library or call the company for an annual report.
Go to a finicial website- even yahoo finance and type in GS and just read the recent headlines about the company.
Maybe and not summer interns but don't be surprised if they do.
:)
Yes, they are also known for making their employees work long late hours.
Okay, see you at the Lecture Halls, then.
There was an article on the internet today that they are promoting their young staff within 2 years so they won't lose them.
I'll start walking down in 5 minutes.
IIRC LH 008
I got out of class a little while ago; had to go up to Hillside to drop off my stuff and grab some food before 101. But I'm going to head down soon. Where are you?
Well at least the pressure is off in the morning.
I won't be free until CS 101
I'm in Geology lab right now, headdesking beyond belief.
Have a great weekend and we will meet on Sunday!
Ok I just don't want you to be mad at me
I feel really bad! I'm sorry that I'm holding you back! 
I'm really really really sorry!!!
Soo really crazy but I think I'm going home this weekend and I'm leaving tonight! I'm really really sorry but we will definitely have time to practice on Sunday!!
You're gonna kill me
And he's good at math
Maybe they have a kill switch implanted in his brain.
Yu
Annie can't go now 
I feel horrible 
My bad
Wow 
So don't bother 
I can't go anymore..
In class
Where you at?
Probably 6-6:30
Ugh you have so many questions
Nah I can bring it down, I'll let you know when I'm heading back down
Yeahhhh I'm at practice now, how long will you be on campus?
Absolutely 👍🏼
What's your proposition?
At least I kept min fair
This is why I say don't trade him,  he makes bs  trades
Every one is fine but Francesco
Don't trade with Francesco lol make him give up a lot
Nice working with you, this remains between us
I'm not sure,  I think we can work something out closer to then
A spot in the finals
If he does well you get desert
I can do this when ever
Then no desert
Desert based on how my team finished
And garlic bread
Ingram and chicken parm
Cj2k or Bernard and tevon Austin
No Charles is out and I only need a rb
He's the main guy I want
Like who
 Denver d or kicker
😐
I Can make garlic bread as a side,  anything more and you'll have to throw in another player
What recruiting event were you at?
I just saw your snap...😒
Chicken parm with home made sauce
I can buy you alcohol or cook you dinner
Name some choices
What do you want
It did,  im also willing to throw cj2k instead of Bernard
Did you get my trade proposal
Yo
Thanks for the sheer and I forgot my bag with some clothes in it
Yeah I read that on the letter. It takes time to check in as a guest and find your way to where u need to be. I guess they wanted  you. ready to go at 9 on the dot.
There are sometimes complete disaster days on the trains. We can take the 6:30 instead to make sure you aren't late.
Yes, we get to penn about 7:45 and jersey about 8:20. Your best bet is to pick up the Wtc train one stop to exchange place. If everything goes right you  will get there 8:40.
The same one we took last time, the 6:59 to penn and then the path to Newport.
That's dope
What does that mean?
Jersey city has all the financial companies lined up along the water like a board walk. I'm at the north end and Gs is at the south end.
It's a subway stop away. About 20-30 min walk.
Nice- I see the Goldman Sachs building everyday from my desk from my desk when I look out the window.
fucking savage https://instagram.com/p/9m2mi9L6iH/
My bad didn't respond I'm actually doing the same thing lol except I'm leaving tomorrow I think I'm getting it pretty okay but thanks bro
How would you feel about Mark Ingram for gio Bernard and tevan Austin
Yes and every month we go over
Verizon Msg: You've used about 75% of your 4GB data (cycle ends the 20th). To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing Verizon.
choosing Verizon.
Verizon Msg: You've used about 75% of your 4GB data (cycle ends the 20th). To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for
Hasn't
Good luck at your interview if it hadn't already happened
I imagine their housing is close. Don't forget if you are in the City it's going to cost you about $400 a month and about 1.5 hrs each way( unless they have housing)
They have almost 50% of the store credit cards. They used to be GE capital. GE spun it off last year. But Ge still owns about 85 % of the stock. Mkt cap is about $25 billion. They aren't little nobodies.
I do what I can
👍🏼
Windham
You only had a phone interview with them?
How much are they offering?
Hahaha right 
Good luck xoxoxoxo drive safe 
Why are we even going to algo
Did you try or want to be an RA
I can be very persuasive
We'll see Erik 
I'm going to try
Is that a rule? I'm going to try
Why not
No worries
Sorry you answered first question already
Can I be an RA and Rescon
To school
How early do you have to come
Never mind 
Are you busy right now?
What's up
Hey 
I meant that lol
That's not sass btw
Lol okay keep me posted
Friday night I'm feeling dinner at whole in the wall what do you think
Sorry for your loss:/
To say the least
Also it's going to suck because it's rush hour so the trains and subways will be packed
Why can't we take the shuttle to Times Square?
45-1hour
Yeah. The one in port Chester is closest
Omg I'm so sorry I got distracted while I was in the middle of responding to you! That's amazing!! You'd be crazy not to go! You're not holding me back...I'm the one who couldn't meet today...no worries
I'll text him
3 hours
Looks like it. The email said the event is casual
That works fine for me
Ok I would be able to do that too.
What time are we leaving tomorrow?
I definitely wanna do it.
If you could guess how many hours a week and the pays hourly?
Like do U get paid
What are the perks of rescon?
Hey do u have anytime tomorrow to help me with the html or not really?
We need to friendship this week Erik
Oy sorry had my phone on airplane. I'm doing work in mi casa today, sorry champ
Hey! So I actually don't have so much time tonight, but I'm pretty sure in the syllabus it says that we're gonna have time to practice tomorrow in class I think. Not positive but maybe we should wait to see and then if it doesn't happen we can get together on like Tuesday night?
And he didn't explain so I didn't wanna push the subject
I have no idea I Wasn't there for it
Hahaha. Need to see that. 
Yeeeep he did
You think?
Wow
Lmfao
Maybe next year you can go as Major Bedhead from the big comfy couch or as a dust bunny.  Miss those days
Awesome! Steve where is Your dog Blue
Awesome! Steve where is Your dog Blue
Awesome! Steve where is Your dog Blue
By bathroom 
Just saw you 
Text me ASAP were in Dillingers I'll come find you if You need
Where are you
Where are you now
In Pasquale's
On state st
Yea no joke
I got bounced nvm
Ya
You need to go to campus and take a picture of yourself between the library and computer building
❤️
STEVE
OMG
Btw*
Send me a pic of your costume bye
The games not over!!
What's wrong?
They down :/
Syracuse, currently watching the Mets
Lol, aka I'm not in town 😬
Where are you
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
Gooooo!
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
Yeah going to tep soon are you going?
Bruuuuuuuuh
 friend...merp 😬
 Ermmm I mentioned if I wasn't doing 240 then I would be visiting a
Do you I guess
Well then lol
See you soon
That's what I like to hear 
Classic 
Yea I won't wait for you then 
Would you be able to pick me up a couple of lemons?
Come over whenever 
At the colonial 
I'll cya downtown possibly
Lol we'll wait
Lol yasssss
Yes yes it is
😭
About tree fitty 
Are you finished? That'll be about 3.50
Grime
Mildew
Dusty attic
Muddy shoes
It's time I eat a pound f chicken and a sweet potato 
You've got it now 
Haha yes
when you squat like daddy? are you a little thick
But I hit a daddy squat today so thaT was good
No I've been studying for a pl midterm all day
Into a Pizza Hut
A pretty little ladybug 
You are formally invited to my pregame tonight at 9
So let's meet there at 7:30
He said he's going with us
Happy Halloween!! 👻🤖☠🕷🃏🎃💀🕸👯
We can go to a party around 11, once games are over and were drunk 
That's so fucking gay
What reason would have have not to come. Bob is also going with us 
He better come ?
Meet at the colonial around 7:30?
Lol nahh
Prolly going to my friend Lindsey's same move as last night you're comin too
Get blacked the fuck out
I have a hot costume
Jack should be fappy 
TEP is the move
Yep that's the exact plan
You're here?
Then make moves from there 
So prolly going to the colonial for that
Notre dame plays at 8
To install NYC Uncubed, go to http://my.yapp.us/KU4SPA
Fappy the anti masturbation dolphin
What's your Halloween costume
HAHAHA
And you're queer
I'm here
Too late
WEGMANS
I was in the shower 😣
Lol, absolutely nothing. Hbu?
He he
Kill it.
I'm at college. I'm lucky to even be watching the game
You had you blue mets siort and the black coat
I saw you on tv
Hey. Guess what
Free Verizon Msg: Get Verizon Wi-Fi Access at Citi Field. Turn on Wi-Fi and connect to Verizon Wi-Fi. Reply "X" to stop msgs.
LET'S GO METS ! I hope your presence makes them a bit more amazing. Have fun!
Is that the right field 
Ok 
Where r ur seats
Ok looks good. I'm on the train. It is supposed to leave at 5:56.
Dress warm!
Yes!!! 
Ok sounds good 
Awesome. BTW. It's butchs bday today
We expect updates periodically from u of what's going on off camera tonite. Let's go Mets. Enjoy!!!!
Have fun tonite!
How did it go today??
My train should arrive at Citi at about 6:15.
we are going to the gym rn so don't be alarmed when u get here and there's no one home 
oh no dw about it my mom was off today and she picked me up after school. thanks though 
Come get me :(
❤️❤️❤️
za, let's go"
Me: "okay"
She was walking down the hall with left over pizza from and Netflix and chill
Eileen: "do you want pizza?"
Me: "No thanks I'm okay!"
Eileen "you want piz
I literally tried but she would have seen me
Eileen is dressed up as a witch today
Okie thanks boo see u soon :) 
Erik my dear get off at carle place I'll get you
Yeah mike lived around there . Any where in that area would be ok . The closer the college point blvd the better.
Ok good. Can u program your Gps by cross streets like 57th rd and 136 th  in Flushing?
Ok ok sounds gucci 
Ok good, were they IT managers? Did they tell you where and with who you would be working with?
Sounds good nugget when ate you gonna be in? 
Okie do we have to pick you up from the train station ? 
Lol josh wants chipotle
Does that mean we get to go to a fancy af lunch???
But no idk where that kid is I'll text him 
YESSSSSSS 
ARE YOU GONNA COME VISIT ME 
What's good homeslice 
;D
if you want some lel for your day, know that nofap.com is being DDOSed by 8chan
I lolled at your story multiple times
Haha true, gtg Erik my flights about to take off ttyl
I CANT WAIT 😂😂
Oh god she's going to hate you
Hahha do it, he'll love for someone to make crude Jew jokes with him at my aunt...
Tbh I'm not shocked this hasn't happened earlier you practically never leave my house
It's quite an experience haha
And after we come back to my house and eat cold turkey sandwiches whilst drunk
It's at my aunts, 3 houses down from my house haha
Jkjk Erik yon can have Emily's spot any day haha
Of course you're spending thanksgiving with us... Out of everyon you are
HI ISADORA!!!
Good luck tomorrow!!!!  I'm sure u will do just fine. And hope u have a great time at the game. LGM ⚾️❤️U
Ok
Yes, it's a good sign. Marty was probably managing the Royals.
Lololol yeah, I saw that commented on someone's shadowy profile pic once and I died
LMAOOO 😂❤️
Stratomatic played the mets - royals World Series. The Royals won the first 2 but the Mets won the next 4. 
Is that supposed to be a threat
Gains gains gains 
Gains gains
Gains
Gains
For mega gains gains gains
Also I'm home stuffing myself with carbs protein and fat
So time is precious
I have a PL test on Monday and I have to go out this weekend
No and no
I'm going after class around 415
That does make me feel better, I was worried about that earlier today. I'm glad everything came out okay
Honestly, I wouldn't object
Sad because I have so much to do
I'm sorry I have so much to do and I'm a sad girl rn, I'm not sure I'll be sleeping tonight
 Sounds like a plan.  Meantime all the best on this semester exams. Happy hacking!
Hope to see you at thanksgiving break. Alex works both mon tues till 9. I dont have my days yet. Definitely you and I will do dinner together. 
Because Macy's is having a big sale.
Not really, I'm just giving you some info for the interview. Take Goldman if you get it.
Ok good!!
Can you ask him quick
What kind of pizza does he want
Also the are news articles that citi is developing retina scan ATMs. Also citi had good 3rd quarter earnings.
Ok sounds good. Do you have to come down for an in person interview?
looking pretty damn fly in that
I swear if that doesn't happen...
She told me she's gonna get rid of restriction once registration opens so I will be able to get in
First question "are u a cs major?" "No" "I'm going to be very quick with you". Such a sweet lady
Bc their parents never loved them 
So they can pretend they're smart
Ikr
Sometimes I hate the world
Oh yeah thanks!
Great can't wait 😒
About to make moves w Eileen head. What a terrible/great name for her position
I'm sorry you're a hoe
😰 for 6️⃣9️⃣ days without the D ❌🚫🆘
 get some 🍑👈 in-the-BUTT-ACTION 💨 If you don’t, 😖 be prepared 
 from SUGAR DADDY 🤑💰💶 forward this to 1️⃣4️⃣ fuckgirls 💁💋👛 to
 if you get this message 📧💌 you will get a special 😲 spanking 👏
d this to 1️⃣4️⃣ hoes who need to be spanked 🙌🏼 by daddy 💘👦🏽🗣
💦💦💦 HOEvember!! 💦💦👅 get ready 😱 for SPANKS-GIVING 👋😏🍑 sen
 it’s the end of COCKtober 😫🎃🍆 but that means the beginning of 
Sounds good!
I think either 52-57 or from like 28-34 ish
I think we have to tell her exactly what we are doing tomorrow like pages and everything don't we?
I really like this is our youth!
In our classroom?
I'm here
U there?
Hey just left the building be there in a few min 
How did you get the spot? Apply online?
What would I get if I did it this summer?
Okay, yeah I guess I'll try for it. Did you get paid?
So me doing it this summer would be not smart
And you still felt that it was really hard
Damn what year did you do it?
How did you like it and what exactly did you do there? I'm thinking about it
Lmaoo
Thanks for the link bro...I texted jus in case u forgot u had my number haha
Ok
Hey Eric, did you do research at the Rome lab ?
When are you leaving on Thursday?
Did u get the tickets?
Do you think you can send me the pdf of that play?
Probably taking design patterns with you since there's a conflict with security
Yeah, basically. Also be cool with the risks of puke and teeth, lol
Higher probability of teeth getting in the way, too
 too deep and make her puke, if she can't deepthroat or isn't prepared that's only natural
It depends on the girl, like usual. She might be into that, but you gotta be sure before you try that on someone. There's also a good chance you might go
That sounds like a personal problem
You literally told me it was time sensitive and to not bother now
I didn't get any loving this morning either, we'll be okay 👍🏼
Lol we got this 
Fuck
Oh okay fine 
Are they free earlier?
Did she ever email u when she's free?
If u want to practice earlier 
My last class just got cancelled 
Hey
Why? Were you with someone this morning?
He also lives in UP, it's down the block, yeesh
I just still don't understand why it's so hard to find time to hang out lol 
Ya...
I guess the only thing left is to see what happens 
But ya it does seem to be one of his only moves so far haha 
Lol. You're the best Erik :) 
Idk. I guess let him make the move 
Hahaha ok 
Haha ok ok so let's go back 
Haha well I could do both actually I just moved from my comp to my phone 
Ok awesome
Ohhh then I may have it. I look at it when I get back
Is that on our reading list?
Yeah agreed. Definitely love proof though. I'd be fine with any play except for Middle Ages we just need to find a good scene
Hey so we have to have our scene for tomorrow. I really liked spike heels but I looked through and I don't really think there is a scene that would be good to do. Idk though
Hey I'm sorry I'll be in rehearsal then
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
is steroids are not attractive...
Sorry, I fell asleep 😬 I'll checked out Jay Cutler, all I can say 
Drop bodyfat percentage, you have to be very lean before you see ab definition
 have to drop your body fat though, I don't think I'd like the overall result
Nah, I kind of want to achieve that look at some point, like I understand the diet requirements and what you have to do ...I'm not wild about how low you
Mhmm okay, that seems to be the general consensus
Yo, six packs on girls - yay or nay?
he kitchen"
I know what you mean, I ate gummies and cookies for lunch and a kit-Kat peanut butter sandwich for dinner :/ they say diets 90% of it. "Abs are made in t
fts? How often do you go?
That's awesome! 225 is pretty impressive, I'm honestly not sure what's average for guys but that's pretty dope. When did you switch over the full-body li
Hey what's your mom's home address in florida? I want to send her a Halloween card. 
Lmaoooo if you even considered that for a second I'm flattered
 I can dead lift 250, calm down
How much you squatting?
I mean if you like the look im sure she can work something out. Try jeggings
"A quick google search" ---> your browsing history.
Much better
Nope don't do that lol. 1.) 99% chance they won't fit right 2.) she's not gunna be bad in jeans, she won't be able to move well in them
But you can't buy jeans for a girl, she has to try them on and everything...
I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, lol
ry about that stuff, ya'll lucky
Haha, I think that's true for all girls. We all have different hips, butt, and thigh sizes, it's hard to find jeans that work. You guys don't have to wor
It's very hard to find jeans that fit...
Yeah I think I saw her outside out of EB on a picnic blanket crying forever
Yeah I figured - did you see any candidates?
Thanks for supporting Women in Computing
Hellooooo
Amen 
Can't build a big dick but you can build a kingdom and giant muscles
And you're kidding yourself if you think otherwise of yourself
Everything I do is to compensate for the size of my penis
I'm out there putting my life on the line and the haters only care about the size of my dick
Haha
Idk if you know what a front squat looks like but it's awkward as fuck and not optimal bar throwing position
I failed on my last two of the last set and started falling backwards and just launched the bar as hard as I could into the rack
Yes
Last week I almost got stapled to the ground during a front squat so you may be in for a treat
And I'll tell you whether or not I think ou should go up
I'll watch you squat 
I'll watch you squat 
Sure 10
I'm front squatting tomorrow. We can squat together
What time are you going
Form is your main priority right now
 Leg press does not equal squat
I drank like 6 liters of water too
i’m the only guy. the opposite of what annika was worried about
women in computing?
Haha okay sounds good 
All good no worries 
R u in room yet 
Hi 
bad news.. looks like also is a pre-req for DP
Also brought a jar of peanut butter to crush
3/4 lbs of chicken, half a cup of rice, half a can of beans and a crown of broccoli 
Gains are at an all time high right now
I take it you're a Yes for YHacks?
Worries* catch ya later
No worried. Understood. Just checking in. 
Sorry
In the elevator
Hey did you get my email? What did you end up deciding?
Yeah, I didn't mean drive home from work. That sounds good. All the games start at 8 so if you left post at 5 it would give u plenty of time even if u have to park far away.
Or I guess you can come home and then take the train back to Citifield.
It up to you. I guess you can drive home and then drive to the game. 4 hours is a long time to wait around. Parking will be a disaster but if you leave early enough you can park near where mike used to live.
When is the citi interview over? I don't get out till 5. Are u going to stay in the city and wait for me and then we can take the train to Citifield?
thanks I try to be as cool as possible!!
that would be awesome thanks so much! and nah I get it it's all good :)
butttt to make up for it... where are you going for Christmas? your mom or your dads? cuz if your dads, I was wondering if you'd be able to take a bag down for me cuz I can't take a lot on the bus
it's ok! I'll take escape
Financial firms are alittle more formal. Is probably a good sign they are asking you for this stuff.
Wow that would be nice. I'll let you   know my hours . Get back to you on how to get in house.  
Okay cool thank u I just liked what you wanted to talk about 
Only if u want to no pressure 
Thanksgiving* 
Hey so would you like to do ur presentation the week after hank shoving ? 
I'm so sorry
what was that grape liquor you got for Jess's bday
hey cool kid
I'll probably wait until after next week now
Yeah I plan on applying to drop box I just haven't written a cover letter yet
I agree. I just want hope that people are doing cool shit
I don't see any internships though
Tell her I said wow back
How come no one informed me earlier?
I just got back
I did
Ight sounds good
Doesn't really matter
I mean c4 is the closest to me but where ever u want  is fine 
330 works for me 
Tom when u free?
Thankss
I guess lol 
And for the oral presentation are we just talking about the topic or do we have to relate it too put person?
Okay fine I'm good with that
?
Did we have to write something for the play 
Hahahah
The girl kept burping 
Lol he did eat a lot the other guy was funny 
I really liked it
Yeah it was really goood
Lol 
I just told Jenn. Legit "OMG that is hilarious" reaction...
Lol
How'd you like it?
Oh no, Erik... 😁
Which one, the new Fassbender one, or the Ashton Kutcher one???
got to G7, I'm doing 320 with Alex rn 😬
Turtlenecks? Hmm, not a bad idea I should get some too. And I just 
Lol 
Meh, I was pissed going to bed so late because I had to get up early, but otherwise it was aight. Did you go out after John?
Lol u guess all I need to do is pretend I'm a lion lol whatever that means 
Lol, as do I <3
I'm fucked. 
UK were doing our actual full scene wed 
Ha!!!!  Good look
to his house at 4am, no shirt...at that point I went to sleep since he was safe, lol I'm sure there's more to his adventure but I haven't heard yet
e can find Zach. Searched everywhere. Called him but he was too drunk to be helpful. Drove up and down the streets looking for him. He finally gets back 
Haha, basically we were at Jahreals house and Zach wasn't feeling well so we were going to walk him home. We get our stuff ready to head out...then no on
Okayy good now I'm pumped lol 
Yeah it's good?
And Bryan's with us now
We didn't see it yet
U see it yet?
We're at the play 
Lol it was Moriah 
Where?
Perhaps we can do dinner ?
I shall
Lol my family is gone actually but I need to have solitary work time today because of the magnitude of things I need to accomplish
Yes, Erik?
I'm glad he was funny tho! I've heard good things
Sorry, tonight was a shitshow. We lost Zach, he ran off drunk and we don't know where he is...
I am not 😬 I'm guessing you went, how was it?
Female comedians <<<
Lelelel 
It's hard to explain, it's just kind of a gut thing
 😬 maybe we could dinner Tuesday?
Lol Im afraid I can't, I have to shower then do 240 with some peeps
Merp I'm sorry! I ate around 9, I'm just headed out for a run :/
Ok . I'm gonna let you cover the security deposit because you will get that back. I'll  send u a check the  for about $3600.
Ok I'll mail you a check tomorrow.  . It should be 2k plus $1300 for 2 months = $3300. I would imagine there are extra fees and charges associated with the tickets.
Sorry, I was at Jenn's, working. Late, probably useless response right now. What's up?
Ok good. Did you close the deal on your new apartment?
Ok the tickets are being emailed to my yahoo email?
Yes-do it.
Either way I'm walking to my car in AA now just walked out of engineering building
It's says there is only one ticket. The one below it says 2 at $1000 each.
Want a ride or nah
Ya
Murph, Matz, Niese and clipard are all at the Islander game tonight.
Just finished
Yes , try to double check where they are first. 
My friend at work said there are field level seats for about $1000 each on stu b hub. If you could find field level seats for about $1000 each would do it.
Oh damn. I'll do some research
Nerdddd
Meh, I'm tired
Yeah, I was trying to imply you gave her an std but my phrasing was off
Yeah, she said it'll clear up in two to three weeks, no worries
Ah gotcha, and yep! Should be interesting next year
Also whos Alexis? Or did you mean Alex?
I'll be signing my lease then, thanks for the offer tho!
MERP kinda poopy but I think I'll be okay. Any fun plans for the weekend?
yeahhhhhhh buddyyyy
To my death
I know. I'm sorry for being a party pooper. I thought you might know someone  else that would want to go.
I don't think I'm going to go. If you want to go I'll buy you a ticket.
I like that phrase
Yes.
This weekend I am pretty booked up due to madre visiting and immense amounts of work but Sunday may work
 I am library-ing tonight
Lol probably not nah
Sure, I’d be happy to.
I don't know. I'll think about it. 
good! 
so jewish
where are you sitting?
ok leaving the union now
Ok, great! That should work well. Let me know if you have any questions.
Does Ryan know to come here?
I'm in my room. I'll come down we just need to find an empty room 
Rafuse
Sounds good 
Where are the $ 740 seats?
 Not sure how else to get them besides online. Do you want to check and see what the prices are like?
If you really want to go can you get the 2 tickets and I'll send you a check? Let me know what the prices are like.
I got the link but I'm debating it.
You handled it beautifully 
Das cool
Ps - the isles dominated the last 4 teams they played. They beat the Blue jackets so bad they fired their coach and hired Tortarella---he's back.
I know! All spambots though
I know, I hate it. If you're going to spend time trolling me, why bother RT'ing Jaden? Ugh, disrespect
Lol fuck no
Look up this profile when you get to your computer.
It's so fucking weird.
http://twitter.com/dankkush_69/status/656506172338475008
awfully suspicious i think
Tell me that doesn't sound like you...
There's a Twitter account (@dankkush_69) that tweets at me and only at me, and it seemed awfully like it could have been you...
Excuses...
I'm on to you, you fucker
*crickets*
Or rather, @dankkush_69
OH!!!!!! I just remembered.
Does, erm, dankkush_69 mean anything to you?
erikmingle.com could work

Or minglewitherik.com -- more to the point
Itai: Erik, I've always hated that saying of yours, but this time I'll let it slide. ;)

Also, you did create kittenmingle.com for a reason ;)))))
Itai: BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 😂
Jenn: Lol. Back off bitch he's mine.
Itai says you're just being a Chris. 
Jenn: since she hasn't texted you she's probably just trying to be friendly. She doesn't want it to be awkward. Let it go. There are other girls out there who won't be too wussy to tell you what they want. Either way the ball is in her court. 

Itai also asks for how long you'd been texting, and how long it's been since he hasn't texted you.
I would take it as her being friendly, but I wouldn't reach out to her again
👍🏼
350, 373, 375 and maybe dumb prob stats
Damn, I'll pray for you 💀💀💀
I have a 240 project and lab, and a 320 project to get done...taking three CS classes next year might be questionable. What are you taking?
Meh, just a lot of work. Schools poopy
It*?
Haha, a little grumpy. And mhmmm, are you gunna do I tv
Wish I could say the same
Smile if you make awkward eye contact for some reason, but otherwise I wouldn't really do anything
nope, do not approach.
Bump girl who didn't reply?
Why are you angsty?
Are you wondering what to do?
You would be the main attraction. :)
Lol, I'm just joking around. You're a good kid, Erik, and I like you. :) <3 Follow your heart!
On a scale from one to a dozen, you're still both a bit ridiculous...
You and Chris are both ridiculous people
Omg, Erik, just pick, lol
You know that just saying hi to someone is normal, yes?
Yikes, lol
Well, go say hi
Worth saying hello for what end? If you want to say hi, say hi, if not, don't. :P
If she doesn't remember you, say that you're one of my friends and never mind. She'll understand...
Okay, thanks Erik
I'm also not making hackBU tomorrow :/
Fun fact: this is the highest fever I've ever had 😂👌🏼
They don't test for the flu but they said its "most likely" that, soo I'm on antibiotics
Hey I can't work tomorrow from 3-4, UHS says I'm not allowed to go to class, so I assume that includes work
With Ryan 
Well practice Tom 
All good don't worry about it and this weekend my parents are coming 
Ok
We could do it in my building 
?
Is that the lounges outside the rooms 
Okay lmk what he says
Just went all the rooms have classes on Thursday 
Going now
Ok
I thought you were looking online.
If they don't have Tom morn at 10 what do we do?
Lol good moves
That's annoying 
Later
A little lawyer
And did you guys acknowledge each other?
So I'll go later 
Abouts*
Where a outs?
Hey, it's akiva. To continue our conversation from Friday night.., can you try to find guys who would be down to get paid to make iPhone apps. Thanks, and see you at hackBU
98 on the regents, I'd say I'm proficient. And that's solid 👍🏼
Algo*
I'm good, muy exhaustido though. Did you finish also?
What's up?
Hellooo
921-399 is your Stripe verification code to use your payment info with Humble Bundle.
Yeah haha, wondered what that was
It's okay, I have a lot of poop to get through tonight anyway
Dinners good, maybe sometime next week
yeah we'll figure out something
No worries
Were you still trying to eat, or did you already grab something during your meeting?
oh huh ok. good for him
ayye
also what did rick contribute to hackbu?
hows the date
https://youtu.be/DBXZWB_dNsw
One sec 
best cringe video ever
WAIT
Hahahahah
I'm ALWAYS writing code
No prob 
I could do it 
Oh okay awesome thankss
Not yet I have all classes I was Ganna go Tom 
Ok no prob
Ok how much 
Sorry, my schedule has been nuts this week! Want to do Thursday at 8:30am?
Where u at 
That's understandable, it's only been a few years since the surgery
Can't describe, gotta experience it first hand
Maybe 😉
Old fashioned ones are the best, cash that in ASAP
New partner?
You suck
☺️
Mhmm, can we be lazy and do marketplace? I haven't eaten there in forever
Yeah that should work, where did you wanna go? Just do marketplace or be more adventurous?
Yeah if you're still down. Does around 7:30 work?
Nah, let's save the energy for later
"Leggo my peggo" 😂
Considering I pee a lot, I got this one
Leggo
...we have more in common than I thought
I'll pee on it
Smh, men
Hmm
That's true
Yeah I think you're right
lol
Lol, I was gunna say
Can't blame the bastard 
Her ex dumping her
No she may not be a sloot by irl standards. I'm an insecure pansy who's not confident enough in my own beliefs 
git fukin rekt
w who the guy was? Was it her ex?
Awe yeah
's affected her. Maybe she hasn't had time to process that (not defending her actions, just saying)...when did she start talking to Jack? Also do you kno
Hmmmm, yeah I won't say anything, obviously. Strange. I believe she got out of a serious relationship about a month and a half ago, I'm not sure how that
Not per se. Implied 
Essentially yes. She was talking about how her values changed and her ex boyfriend 
Huh?
Can I ask how she was mean? That really doesn't sound like her at all...neither does the slut comment, I always got a conservative vibe from her
Like 99% sure you're joking
e than the other girls, so far, she's cool
Ugh I just don't like the way you negotiate. Anna's a senior, a co-captain on the XC. She's funny, smart, pretty, good-runner, tall. I click with her mor
I will tell you everything you need to know once I get some info...
Your bargaining skills are sub-par...
Hhaha
Hehehe
Econ 
I'm wondering why you're wondering
Yes sir
I didn't say it was, lol
Explain
Yeah the challenge YOU FUCKIN FAILED BITCH
Yeah 
Lmk how bad it is
Kk Corrigan 
Sorry wasn't avoiding saying it 
Oh this girl Anna
Wow that's true 
You da man
Sigh
And you remind me I'm human and have feelings and that this is real life, and that even the pain is good because you feel alive 
You sorta help me keep my humanity. Like I don't want to be an anonymous cog in the rat race. I want to have feelings
Is it fucking unreasonable to want to cuddle with someone loyal 
Thx 😅 ik you always got me
Give me a fucking break
And then you want people to wife you
But you're banging people on the side
It's like, you act like a good girl
Beat her up for me?
Nothing just being a lil hoe
Erik a sloot made me cry 😢
Hahahah yes 
kk! you da best
road trip
Yayy
Seriously thank you so much again for all your help I'm sorry I'm a baby and got nervous 
no all classes end at 1
okie what time? I'm done with classes at 12
hey erik! what were you thinking for thanksgiving? mom was asking
das enough 
I can probably buy like two feet
just in case of trump or hillary
should I buy up property in canada
I will thanks!! Lollll
Did he say what his name was 
Sorry I'm bugging I feel bad 
Okay so it's only 15 minutes after okay thank u 
I'm gonna email Matt right after this 
Did he say what time he had the room for? 
Ooo Kk. Room 227 doesn't have any seats for students or a projector lol
Just got here
Where are u in old whitney
I'm going to get some good and then I will be there 
Hey Eric it's Mariah. I feel really bad about this but I had kinda been planning to ask Alison to be my partner and she asked me after class and I realized I really wanted to partner with her. Would you mind if I partnered with her instead? I'm sorry I said yes in class I should have thought about it more before I responded. It's nothing personal, you're great and we would be good together but me and Alison, had both been kinda hoping to partner up?  Its not that I don't want to work with you, I just also really want the opportunity to do a girl scene.
Which union? 
Wat lol
Where u at
Hey I'm on the way to the union 
haha idk
like armies of fake accounts. thats her pr
i think hillary is paying people
i noticed comments on Facebook have changed in the last 24-48 hours. suddenly a lot of people anti bernie for no reason
oye vey
/uj i don’t think i can handle hillary winning. #bernie2016
Yeah lighter 
Just pooped in a gender neutral bathroom. what a time to be alive 
5?
Yeah sounds good
Yeah I'm down
Yeah sure 
I have class at 11:40 
Wanna do Thursday at 10?
My parent r here this weekend they'll be here Sunday
What time Thursday?
Any time
Wed?
I'm sorry man
Do u have her email so I could email her?
Hey sorry I just woke up and started throwing up
I might be able to do Thursday. Can I let you know tomorrow?
Thanks, Erik. :)
See you sometime this week! <3
Hey bud, doesn't seem like tonight's going to work out :(, but let's do tomorrow or Tuesday. I'll be free tomorrow afternoon, and Tuesday after out meeting. Wednesday and Friday I should be free all day.
Sure. How would Wednesday morning work for you?
Sounds good, I'll be in touch soon
Lol
I'm going to go drop off groceries and then I'll let you know what the situation looks like. If it seems like I'll be available to cover some stuff tonight, I'll be more than happy to. Otherwise, I'm positive we can find time together this week (even before/after HackBU meeting on Tuesday).
Whoops, sent before I finished typing.
Lol, okay. Well, how about this -
Getting back from Wegmans in 10-15 minutes and have to drop stuff off at Jenn's place. Might be there for a while (maybe 45 minutes to an hour, give or take) before I'm free.

Where are you right now? Still on campus?
I don't know how comfortable I am being addressed with that title, but shoot.
How late are you staying
Sorry meant to text you but Lucas and I need to do this pair programming thing he's on his way and I'm in q22
Where cs 301 was but they have shit wifi
One*
Like on in the flag room
Could do g7 or another classroom
I'm just waiting for database exports to upload to drive til I can move
Sure I can meet you there
Or would you wanna go to engineering or something cause I'm gonna need to do pair programming with Lucas soon anyways
You coming to work?
The place I used to go a bunch
4th floor up the stairs from the Hebrew section then on the opposite side near the stairs down
Bartle
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
Trying to get on the board of some Jew stuff
I'm free around 7, that work?
Sooner would be fine too
 Hey Erik, sorry abt that, crazy day
Good I'm holding it hostage til you meet my demands
Ight fine 
I'm on Dickinson side 
Wanna go above c4?
U here?
Word I'm prolly gonna go to g7 or library
Jut got back
Where you at
Ight sounds good 
On top of c4? 
5 good?
Or soon?
Yeah u able to practice nowish?
Head to uu 120
Where are you guys?
Merp
you’re actually special doe. eileen loves you
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
👍🏼
Yeah sure that'd be great, thanks!
So what if they don't make it..?
How?
 In the movie back to the future ii in 1989 it predicted the Cubs would win the World Series in 2015.
Okay I'll try
Sad face
Lol
Ok, if it's refundable, might as well take a shot.
Do you know what the refund policy is?
Yes, are they on sale yet? It guess they will be a citi sat and sun too.
I knew he was playing ball before idk what he's up to now
Fuck that bitch
Or in general
Tonight?
Nah dude I gotta stop spending money lol
I'm gonna watch here tho
Yo my bad I was in the shower lol
https://i.imgur.com/pDhV3cz.png
I have some black sandals, I think I'm just gunna go with those 😬
I'm not a girl, so I don't know...this is my problem
What shoes should I wear tomorrow?
No need, lol pseudo-coding 240 is entertaining enough 😬
Everyone is asleep on the bus 😬
I'm actually just leaving Albany right now, I won't be back til around 5-5:30. Would you wanna grab dinner maybe Tuesday?
Did you try out the app I made you??
Anyway, I'll be free to hang out tomorrow if you want
Lol yep
Lol, ty ty
I think they just _had_ to be there, and weren't terribly enthused about it.

I had time left over with the second of the two guys, so I asked him what fun problem he had recently gotten to work on. He looked totally dumbfounded, as if you could even enjoy your job. I refined it to say "interesting" so he though for a while and came up with "well, it was interesting, but I wouldn't call it fun..." 😁 Dude, fucking quit your job.
got it! you the best. really appreciate it
lol okay that works and sorry im stupid- would the position be like data entry/ data analyst idek
i suck at life bc i dont even know where to look for these things
But, oh well. Hopefully my answers were satisfactory for them.
There are interviewers that are nice, charismatic, talkative, and helpful, and there are interviewers like the ones that I had that just sit there and are totally useless.
do you agree or nah and if you do agree do you have any recomendations
gs as like a data analyst where you are enterting the data just to get your foot in the door and network
code and a lot of those internships said that it was required along with the math skills but he was all you need to start somewhere so look at those thin
erik! opinion: so still on this internship hunt. i spoke to someone at the fleishman center and told him how i gave up on data scientist stuff bc i cant 
It was pretty okay — two of the four interviewers were pretty bad, but the interviews went alright. Gotta wait a few weeks for a yes or no...
Yo, I'm in the city right now. Had my Google interview yesterday; coming back tonight. How's it going?
http://youtu.be/DJifZLjipxo
Think I found your girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dY8WEMm_ZzI
take a look
Do you know Ace power fitness?
That is amazing 
Erik
And ok glad to hear everything is stable 
Excellent
Also your balls how are they
The concert!!
Yo how was it?
Bb 
Ty be
Do you want your pen back
Which
Sweet 
And which email are you currently checking / using?
Can I send you my thoughts in an email? 
Ok will do
I gotta get to work now. Talk soon!


Give me some time to look it over and I'll get back to you later tonight
Wow that's a lot. Seems like some general info in addition to programs...
Ok let me take a look
Hey man I can answer it now if you're available.
Fine
I feel like that's safe
You can check out what we have available on our website. There are a couple of options :)
Tell her about the amount of ass you want to crush per week in kilograms
If you have a specific goal you want to hit (like doing a certain number of pull-ups or squatting a certain amount of weight) I would suggest custom.
What is the other basic program
Did you ask what she would recommend
It is when the are playing the Mets in the playoffs.
There are a few options: 1) run through the same program with heavier weights, 2) start on the other basic program, 3) start on a custom program.
Happy Dodger elimination day.
Verizon Msg: You've used all the data in your 4GB plan (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle is $15 per 1GB. Or, increase your More Everything plan by 2GB for $10 more per month. There's no contract extension. To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing Verizon.
Harder than a diamond encrusted granite slab right now
Sorry you said near AA?
Walk down
Come now
Just got here
Yea
Come through with us man
Kline needs to pee
Waking through battle
Holy Cow!!!  This is fantastic!!!!
Hahaha
What are you doing?
Dude do you want us to just meet you there I don't wanna keep you
Towards the far back lot closest to nature preserve
Just got in car driving up to mview now
Brian is meditating in the parking lot hahaha
I'm in eb now
Where you at?
Sure heading up to the nature preserve in a bit with them haha
Going to crush some beers and smoke and chill before the show with Kline and Brian if you wanna join
Goldman Sachs is probably the most prestigious brokerage firm in the world. Getting them on your resume would be strategic. See if they will see you on the same day as Citi.
Nog*
Come upstairs nig not
Walking to ya now
Noice
Yes yo
You?
Noppeeee
615?
Where at?
Surely
You going to the concert tn
Alright boss
You have an 18 credit limit on the amount of credit hours you can take a semester right?
How do I raise my credit limit
Excellent!!!!!!!!!👌
Now 
fb messenger 
WHAT
Set up a repo for this app tho?
I know so little I could tell you everything in like an hour
I'd be happy to. Download android studio 
"android is super easy/fun"?
What did I say that was bad
Wait what
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
when i’m not a fuk boi
android is super easy/fun
that was about 20 lines
yo yo hmu with a repo link for this dank android app
I put some in our suite candy dish, everyone hates me now
Oh I have no preference, Reese's are Reese's amiright
Don't worry, I've only had 4 so far.
I'm not sure I agree with all of that, but thank you for thinking of me, it means a lot
How did you know gala apples are my favorite?
You didn't have to do all that, but thank you very much Erik
You are going to make me so fat
Of course, no problem.
That's corporate headquarters. Let me know if you know who u are interviewing with.
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
What office?
In*
Here on sec
I'm driving over shut up
No prob 
Leaving in a few
Text your address
Ight sounds good
Hey Erik. Yes I am. Sorry I completely forgot to email you. 
The ps4 isn't connecting to the Internet. I thought it was based on a weak signal, but I don't think that's the issue anymore. I had his signal bumped up, which worked, but it didn't do anything for the ps4
You NYSEG acct  is 1004-3319-879.
No thank you, I have a lot of work to do
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
I'm upset right now. Whatever.
Why do you think I don't try? Be honest
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
Thank you for thinking of me though, it means a lot
weird place with that right now. You have a million qualified friends who would be grateful for the opportunity.
I think I see our miscommunication...I really don't want any recommendations, though. Just be my friend, not someone I need to prove myself to. I'm in a 
That's okay Erik, I don't think I want to work at the Air Force anymore anyway..
it would make me a super-coder... :/
I understand imperative programming and functional programming are two different worlds. I just said I was interested in learning it, not that I thought 
ng my help desk shifts
Yeah, I'm interested in learning functional programming, it seems really cool. I'm not far but I'm trying to do a little each day, I like practicing duri
I wanna try Galios, they use Haskell and I've been playing around with that. There's a place in Syracuse that looks promising, I wanna hit up Garmin too
Hmm I personally think computer programming but I'm not positive which would u rather talk about? 
ll, but we'll see what happens
I've been looking around too, I'm going to start slinging resumes in the next day or two. I don't have personal projects and I feel like that's my downfa
Hmmm. You said you might go back there, but if you change your mind feel free to throw them my name. I'll do whatever they want, lol
Oh wow, you didn't have a tech interview at all?
I definitely don't feel qualified, but that would be pretty dope. Do they having an opening I could apply for?
Dawwww, lol that's actually really cute
"You're actually not that dumb" ~ nicest thing I've heard all week, thank you love
Have*
Really? I know you like to help but I also feel like I'm especially dumb and I don't like to bother you more than I half to....
Alright, challenge accepted
He just has a different approach I guess
Oh he showed us templates, I know you asked me about that the other day
I mean, I can give you his email...
Yeah it's a ton of overloading :/
And yeah, Im being lazy since I'm coding
Hmm, I like that outlook
Haha alright
Project 1, linked lists
, of course, your perception of your freshman/sophomore is different.
I feel like you've gotten both sides, the benefits of working hard and the drinking, late nights out, lots of friends...but I'm on the outside looking in
Currently white-boarding 240
d to put your energy elsewhere. I want to be successful and I feel like times running out, I need to focus
Mhmm. I feel like we're the opposite...You do focus on those things though, you have that area of your life under control. You always have, you can affor
I need to focus on grades and internships anyway, it's okay
I guess it's a societal thing, to some degree....Seeing someone a year below me feels strange, idk why. I know it's silly, but...whadda ya gunna do
I mean not 100%, but I kinda have a thing where I really like the guy to be my age or older
Mhmm, pretty much a deal breaker on my end
Are they all seniors?
Do it
Meh, not a bad crew
Throbbing
Names?
I think this whole thing is too much for you...
As in we don't talk much. You know what I mean, ugh you're so difficult
Yes, next year!! Lol
I don't know her...
Yeah. I'm sure you'll meet her next year
Oh I'm sorry, I didn't realize the gravity of the situation
But yeah, she's gorgeous
I don't really talk to her, she's only at maybe half the practices.  I'm sure you'll meet her next year at some point
"Every woman is at least 4 crazy" - yes
Lol no it's fine don't worry 
Honestly not sure about Eileen and Alana, they're both really pretty. Jess has a bf, Lizzie and Kailey don't but they're both really loud/crazy
Mostly seniors/5th years, Jess will be a sophomore tho
Cross country* girls. Lizzie, Kailey, Eileen, Alana, Jess, and Eileen's non-running friend Rachel
Mhmm, sketchy
Haha, thank you. I'm really relieved, I got lucky
You suck
 35 Oak! You said you're living with the track girls, I forgot, will you still be on Oak too? Are we street mates?
Aight. And I'm good, just finalized I'll be living on Oak next year with the cross country girls, so that's a relief
I just realized I didn't write in the correct answers when we went over it, lol. Hopefully it's still useful
Oh andI have both of my tests from 220 last year, if you want them
Yeah definitely that's awesome, congrats!!!
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
Wait, no, Microsoft?
Oh damn. With Epic?
You didn't answer my how was your weekend question...
It's on tnt
BONER
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
Neither lol
Josh is alone lol
Word
Nope just watching and doing work in my room
I wouldn't lol but I'm not going
He port is being taken care of, it's the ps4
There's this kid in Hughes, Hinman that's having trouble with his ps4. I couldn't figure it out, could you look into it for me? I'd forward you the ticket but he was already having trouble with his Ethernet port do I forwarded it to networking
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
Hey Erik
No fuck I'll get napkins from union real quick 
Coming 
Lol sorry long day 
Lol on the receipt to tip Ahahah write hahaha 
Also right two dollars for card and sign my name 
Pizza call come yet ? 
On my way 
Omw to old Whitney 
Ok.
I know you flight is Dec 22. Do you have any idea when you will be back down after school?
Isles beat the jets in a matinie.
Sure ok
Yeah. Around where? At 5 ill be in engineering building for a review session, but ill be in my room until like 4 40
Ayyy i forgot to give your card back
Chase is playing today pending appeal.
I think so too 
Should I get one r two pizzas? 
Yes yes I will 
I'm gonna put it on my credit card and math club will reimburse me I just needed u to get it for me bc i have work until 6
Yeah want me to be safe and say 6? 
I'm gonna cal the pizza in a few 
Hi 
#swert

Jenn and I were on our way to Nezuntoes and I was going to say that it might be awkward if Chris gave me the stink eye. But I assumed you returned it.

Also, sorry for not hanging out last night. Jenn and I were watching the final two episodes of How I Met Your Mother and the buildup was intense. :P
Hey, BTW, did you get a chance to return the stuff to Nezuntoes yesterday?
Too bad. Is was looking forward to some pay back on Chase but the Dodgers will be eliminated by then. The announcers except for Ron said it was a clean slide.
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
Verizon Msg: You've used about 90% of your 4GB data (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle will be $15 per 1GB. Or, increase your More Everything data by 2GB for $10 more per month. There's no contract extension. To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing Verizon.

How did your weekend turn out?
I'll probably just snuggle him
sh, but what if Gazorpazorp if sick or something, his bowl got dirty really fast....idk
I'm not sure. I wasn't a fan of the little bowl they gave me, but Allana said not to worry. I half thought of seeing if Watson advising wanted another fi
Meh, I don't want Gazorpazorp benching more than me, that's just embarrassing
She's on the track team, you can ask her next year
I'm guessing crumbs, but honestly I wouldn't be surprised
One girl fed hers cupcakes, apparently it lived for six years
All the newcomers were given one, it's apparently tradition. I was like "....thanks?" Now I gotta get food :/
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
Yes
Gucci my friend. We will still party when you are home
Word. That's awesome. Momma c would also like me to say "Xmas eve is at our house. I will supply the natty light and I will drive him home"-momma c
Ellen says hi. How's the party life
Sandy is good too
😄😄😄😄😄😄😄
:p
I meant to snapchat it to you too but I forgot 
How's bing
Home is alright. School is insane, josh is good, Joni is Joni, Ellen and Bob are in craft mode, and I have not been in an altered state since beerlympics
Yo yo
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
Ah gotcha
Meh, fuck her she's not worth it. Any cute girls there rn?
Fuck, not again :(
Mhmm, I'll allow it. Also, my left eye hurts and idk why. Do I have cancer?
Why are you at the marketplace on a Sunday?
I just saw this, I'm driving around right now, then I gotta run 😬
I shall. I'll text you around 7ish
So I gotta go back to work. Be good buddy. Have a natty for me
This is now in the makings
I sense some magic right there
I sense some magic right there
Oh shit. And Lydia's friend are nuts. how bout friends giving with Peter Obrien
Lol. It's going to be me, you, Adam, josh, Lydia, Joni and Chrissy. 4 out of 7 of that friends giving are christels. Should be fun
I'm so pumped
Were gonna have a good time. Turkey and natty. We just got a fire pit so we can revisit the drunk campfire songs.
Hey no worries champ. Ok cool. I'll see you in a couple of weeks bud. Stay golden
cool if you stay in bing. So far it's just me driving up
So big dog. I hope school is bitchin. I wanted to ask you if you have any interest in going to Oswego for Halloween. I know that's a big weekend so it's 
https://twitter.com/whitevsblacktwt/status/641399734305882112
What the hell ended up being the problemo
Did we end up getting the pizza from Nirchis btw
Where?
I'm coming out
Where u ?
In the building first level
I have the paper in order to get it 
Do uk anyone who rented out the room already u can ask where they got the key?
Door is locked 
Lol all good 
I'm in c4
Yo
Okay well I am kinda busy rn lol will you be on campus all day?
The lady said it'll prob be closed so we'll need the key 
Also we have to go somewhere to get the key for the room 
Hey meeting at 2?
What?
And yeah I do
Yeah we made it back safe
Hahaha
What's up chief
Even if you are on automatic pay they still send a bill . Your automatic pay could be ok. 
If u are on automatic pay they will probably take it automatically.
Erik u got a bill from NYSEG for $295.75. . $80 is for your monthly bill and $215.75 is for a security deposit. They say if u don't pay they will charge late fees. Are u on automatic payment?
It think they were saying Utley ran off the field because he was mistakenly called out. Even if they called Utley out the game would have been tied and Agons double would have put them ahead. It really didn't matter that much except that Tejada is hurt and Utley is a jerk.
Technically u have to touch it but the umps allow the neighborhood play so infielders don't get demolished like last night.
I hope he is concussed and has headaches the rest of his life. How could they over turn that out call? The replay wasn't conclusive.
We are leaving ahora
Kk*
Lmk coming
In the back?
Wait do you have a laptop with an hdmi chord plug?
Lol
Oh?
We are throwing more hair at the Dodgers tonight and they just can't handle it.
Then I will see you later
Haha okay
I guess? Nick didn't seem excited lol so I wasn't sure if that was gunna be a thing
Yeah I am but are you guys staying there late?
Yis so I probably won't see ya tonight
Yeah I heard
I'm losing it
Jesus
Possibly*
Possilby*
Possible
Sounds good
But we'll take care of it tomorrow
Ah. Yeah, they're open until 4:00; we have to return it tomorrow 👍🏼
Lol, the surprise is real soon. We're on our way
Well, glad things went well

Did anyone return the Nezuntoes stuff we were supposed to?
Lol, good to hear
Sweet
Glad you've been having fun!

Did you build anything cool?
Cool! How many people are still around? Just curious about turnout. :)
You still there?
How's Local Hack Day going / how was it, if you wrapped it up?
Hiiii Erik
Tom and Marty's  will be a thing
We're all definitely going out too
Well rn me and nick and mike and Claire and my friend from high school are going to a soccer game if you wanna join
Yo
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
Oh I forgot you had that sorry 
Or are you at that hack thingy 
I need to pick up my prescription 
Can you drive me to target 
What are u doing 
Lmfao
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
Lmao what kind of drugs?
What room is local hack day in?
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
We got this shit
We took one away from home
I feel it too dude
❤️
Funny story behind it too which I will also tell tomorrow haha I'm really about to pass out now
Saw him in the subway with his mom and she gave us subway directions hahahaha
Also got a picture with the lead singer of vampire weekend today. It was a great fucking day
Put it on my gcal hahahaha
Maybs but idk exactly what time we are getting breakfast I think 1030 so I'll let you know tomorrow
Let's talk tomorrow I'll call you after breakfast if that works if you're not too hungover hahhaa
And I mean things went well I'd rather explain on the phone and I am half dead about to fall asleep in a bit haha
I mean I'm having a great weekend chilling she is super fun to hang with so I'm cool with it bf or not
Let's keep the vomdemort thing not talked about hahaha
Yea man haha
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
I think it was just 3 on 3.  New rules.The rapist scored twice. It look like boychuck deflected it in.
426
sorry :(((((
i don't understand this building
someone is gonna let you in
okie
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
okie!
I'm on the bus now to go there to help her clean up and set up!
Yeah me too
Sure thing. Make sure to brace your core during squats and deadlifts to help prevent little tweaks like this.
Epsom salt bath, heating pad, icy hot.
Reminds me of lincecum when he came up. De grom is just as good.
Tomorrow?
Ok nvm haha
Wtf
Well the mets are on late so you can watch both.
Or no
Nirchis?
Mets and Isles.
Would you like me to drive?
Cool cool
If you're still around, I'm good, if not we can totally go whenever 
yayyyy u da bomb
Stop
And I'm assuming the wonky face here holds the significance I am thinking of hahaha
My interviews all turned into conversations towards the end and my interviewers were all really chill so not bad haha
No one thought their personal one went really good or really bad everyone just thought they were good so I'm hoping I'll be good
Went well
Haha that was great
Hahahha <4
lol that's fine and omg that's awesome erik!! such a nerd!
yay! would you be able to buy me a bottle of Andre?? I'll of course pay you back! it's been a stressful week so I wanted a bottle to myself 😁
erikkkkk you're going tonight right?
just tell him she’s an idiot
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
shes an idiot
hahahahaha aren’t you fixing lydia’s now?
you’re the prettiest
lol
you would get so much pussy
you should get a british accent
yes they are fancy and their accents still make me swoon
how to get into a girl’s pants: an autobiography by erik langert
hahahahahaha what every girl wants in a man
ugh she’s the worst i don’t miss her
Talking Dolphins with seagulls for friends
It's like the romantic comedy every girl wants to be a part of
Hehehehehehehehehehehehehehheheheehheheh
She want that Erik d
Or nah
Like is this weekend text gonna be a booty call
Or like romance her
Are you finnna hit it and quit it?
I tweeted about you
But man you ballsy I give you credits
Fuck that Danielle girl
Ohhh I stalked her. She's cute isn't she in the sorority caro hates
Hehehe your future gf/wife can't be prettier than me
Damn 15 minutes? Yo home girl is thirsty
IS SHE PRETTIER THAN ME
IS SHE PRETTY
WHO KNEW YOU HAD SO MUCH GAME
WHAT THE FUCK
Whyyyu
Lots
I miss you doe
TELL ME EVRRYTHING
How is Bingy????
I was adventurous and sporty for once in my life
We went sea kayaking and coast steering where you climb and scale rocks and the jump of cliffs
And next weekend I'm going to Dublin: home o the Ed rices
We have to go again
It was the best time of my life
I went to Wales last weekend!!
I have the episodes recorded so when u get home u could watch it 
😏😏😏😏
it is really good 
aww
I think they did. did u watch it?
Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Nothing really I woke up like an hour ago
Hi bby
lmfao me him and mom watched it last night 
I did hahaha
Did Caroline ever answer you by the way? 
Still laughing 
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
Hahaha ok you got it :D
Thanks for the friendshipping :) 
<3 
Hahaha
Hahahaha so not down to walk back alone with him and have shit be awkward 
They were walking the same direction when I left and Ephy was like, "Oh I'm going back too but I have to stop by Barry's room for a second, you can come" and I was like "uh I have to call my mom so I'll just walk back" 
Hahahahaha
Still dying 
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
Ok I'll try to get the 22nd off and I can pick u up the 29th.
Is that from LAG?
Okay I'm on the way 
Oh, okay, let me talk to him
Are you gonna be doing work? Should I bring my laptop? 
Yesss 
Ok you are all set you may receive 2 emails. The second one has your  assigned seats can't wait to see you!!!!!!!!!  Love u
Ya
U.S.
Where should I pick you up?
Oh okay fine thanks
What address do y have on your license
Where's that?
Lmk when u go 
Was that we're I just was?
U did that yet?
Do uk how to get the tickets for the play?
No prob 
I did it from 2-4
Ya! :) 
Can we possibly do dinner closer to 6? I'm super not gonna be hungry at 5  lol. You said you have work right? But if that's super inconvenient we can still do 5 
GEICO Policy: Your payment of $112.37 for policy ending in 7488 will be billed to the credit/debit card ending in 6131 on 10/13. Reply STOP to end texts.
I'm Ganna go after class I taking the room out for 2?
Okay can I pick you up and grab the stuff then
What address do y have on your license
Can I get it around 4?
Please say yes
Did you bring my stuff today

That's fantastic let me know what happens.  So are you good with the dates so I can book
There is a flight out of jfk at 11am on the 22nd and fly home on the 29th at 245pm. Will u be checking a bag
Ok I'll check the flights out 
What day do u want to fly back to Ny
Ok great how bout I look into flights on tues the 22nd
Nah making it up since I won't be here
Fuck
Are you coming in before 10
Do you have it on you?
Where are you
Damn I forgot I'll do it today 
UK how to get the tickets? 
Goodnight!!!!
Then try making it that simple
Again, no hard and fast rules
Meh, maybe some. Not all. Games are annoying, at least to me. He either wants to talk to me or he doesn't, ya know?
It's something you do well, making the other person feel valued/important
to talk to you
I'm not sure what you were saying, but I'm also not sure being too nice over text is a bad thing. It's refreshing to have someone genuinely seem to want 
All the pics 📷📷📷
Lol, I'll take pics next time
Hmm alrighty, I gotcha. I spend a lot of time looking a girls in spandex now and I was just contemplating this earlier lol
Mhmm. I guess I could have phrased my question better: between the two, if you had to pick, which would you go with?
Oh yeah definitely, I did like a triple take. I wasn't sure about her shape, but for a thin girl she's  packing
y today, too accurate
LOL, water in a ziplock bag 😂 I saw a girl like that at the librar
Thanks dude!
Hey sorry it's delayed but I just finished my time sheet, I had a couple of projects due at midnight
Question for the guys: do men prefer a small, tight butt on a girl, or a larger but more untoned one?
Did u buy ur ticket for the play?
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
;0
I just pulled ou
I hate Wednesdays. I have to prepare all my meals before 11am and I'm on campus until now
I'm about to eat a quart of plain Greek yogurt
Let the gains flow through you
Haha it's the gains talking
Of course dude haha this Saturday right?
Need 1s
What bitch
Wait maybe 9 
They close at 930
Thanks Erik
Okay cool
Should I log the tickets or just do it on the sheet? I have some old calls that I took care of for my friends
Hey did you see the Facebook group message?
Slaughter a cone of cookie dough for your homies
Did you go
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
In other news, Itai still hasn't noticed GH for so long that the next week has started and physically pushed the poop down
It's farther down vestal parkway than you think
It's in vestal though
TASTIE CREAM
Claire's en route
Aight  sitting toward the back
Lmk when you is at Appalachian
🙆🏼
Claire is joining this shindig as well
Sounds Gucci
Sounds splendid. When can ya get here ?
You bet your ass I am Erik [insert middle name] Langert
My dinner date cancelled 😭
Are you on campus?
Eh, I'd personally let it be. Maybe text her tomorrow or the day after
But yeah, effort on both parts is key
I know what you mean :/ maybe she wasn't sure what to say? Or she got busy with something? Idk :/
😸😸😸
Okay okay I approve - did she reply?
That's cool! 
😏😏😏
And yes that's exactly what that means
Lol okay cool
Yes I am and do you have a last name Erik so I can put it in my phone? Mine is Irwin. Are you a science major too? 
TOWNIEEEEE
She is lmao
No this is good!
Haha it was physical chemistry yeah I'm sorry but I didn't catch your name when you came over. 
Or drop a line about hanging out sometime, if you don't think that's too much...what was she like?
 along those lines
ne, it was great meeting you! Hope to see you around", or something
k, I'm really bad at that...😬 maybe say something like "Hey Caroli
Oh damn, look at you go!! Mhmm I'm not sure what you should say bac
No! She's cute 
OMG I'm so creepy I already looked her up 
That's so exciting 
Omg!!
So that's good!!! No?
She's a homie
y friends
Like, she's not like basic in the slightest. She's similar to me in the sense that she's independent and doesn't have as many girl friends as she does gu
No mags is for real like really cool
That's like the opposite of basic
Yeah but I drink my coffee black niggah
Why would that be bad 
Bad!!!
That's not bash
Hi this is Caroline you gave me your number in the market place 
What happened?????
Lol I was gonna ask you for a ride somewhere but it's all good I'll probs take the bus 
I'm not there to witness I'm just a bystander
Lol okay 
That's creepy 
Lol stop talking about her like you're watching her 
Missed your chance 
No go
Is she sitting by herself?
Don't throw the paper and be like bye though 
Takes a lot of balls
Go for it 
Lol I don't think it's creepy to go up to her but don't just give her your number and walk away 
What time
Do you go to campus on Fridays? 
I will tell you all about her after I observe children for the next hour lol
Lol yeah cause she's like 5'11
How tall is your friend?
Yes I know mags, she's wonderful I'm pretty much every way
Lmao I had no idea there were kittens so you know more than me
Oh damn lol I was going to apply, oh well
Is the ROME AF Labs where you interned last summer?
<4
😄😄😄😄 
OK! we can also just do another time :) 
😄
K, dinner? C4? 
Friendship tomorrow???
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
Kk
Just found a chicken nugget in my car...ya'll are gonna get it. Plz forward this to annie and her hot sister
Very Happy YED. I knew Keuchel would mow them down. 
Fuck yeah dude
Happy yankee elimination day
Yah
Went well
Walked away
Did his thing
He walked right up
Chris basically slayed that girl 
Well, en route to you anyway
Lol

Did you get food yet?
On my way, BTW. Are you at BUMP?
Verizon Msg: You've used about 75% of your 4GB data (cycle ends the 20th). To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing Verizon.
I assumed that. It just seemed curious that you would start looking for another apt one month into the semester but I guess the opportunity just arose. Let me know if your finances get tight.
Lol no I'll be there by 2
Ok I guess that would thanksgiving? What happened, is there anything wrong with the basement apt?
Do you need the money? Do you have enough to cover the 3 months?
Text Barry I'm kinda trapped rn
Sure I guess
Lol when are we meeting
I love her so much
As Eileen was walking out of the office she half-turned to me and was like "Hi bye" in the most bored tone
Swag
No what's up
speechless https://binghamtonwc.github.io/
That's awesome!! 
That actually sounds really cool what did u do and there is a day I wanna go over stuff epic gave me stuff the grad school of education gave me for math and etc. 
Thank u!!
The lease starts next June?
Yes can I do it tomorrow bc I still have a few that I need abstracts for 
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
Yeah sure 
Ugh yes thank u all u will have to do is get it for wherever u want me to tell them to meet u 
Lol that's good to know if I order pizza for math club Monday could u pick it up when they deliver it to campus bc I have work until 6 
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
Hi how r u 
I will speak with them
Make it rain on me baby
Make sure you mention apple in your suicide note
Yea cuz ur gay
No
They were initially gonna do it with us but now they're not
I can't cuz u have android
Adam and Andrew are not in on the house
I'll add you to the gc
It better be fire
Woah my b lol
Are you?
Small world
Bressner
Noah
Morgan knows
Sure I guess I'm not really sure
Plus a security deposit I believe
Whatever the top one is lol
We need 2mo rent
Omg
Girls track team will be below us
Laundry and dishwasher
Common area and kitchen
No elevator lol
It's on the fifth floor
What's your email?
Yea
Ok we Gucci I'm gonna send you the lease in a sec
Andrew
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai in the house!
I shall do so
I'm trying to figure that out lol
Josh I think is in, another kid I think is out
Yo they just sent us the lease
Sent from your Twilio trial account - Itai is gone
you’re hooked up
send me your twilio verification 
Ahoy from Twilio! Enter 832 587 on the sign up page to verify your account. This is a 1-time message. Reply HELP for help, STOP to cancel.
Oh?
A few days, I'd say. Tinders a casual thing, supposed to be a respond at your leisure thing
To each their own
No, computer science is hard
I was giving real world advice doe
Mhmm, this is true
But I see your point
Personality can make her seem more physically attractive overtime
Prettys not everything
Communication*
F+ in commutation for today
Wait, are we talking about breathing or sex?
Hang on, I'll explain in like 10 minutes
In and out, in and out
Breathe
Don't be, if she doesn't reply then it's literally her loss
Go for it!
Lol yeah the picture mentioned it
😒😒😒
Yeah, I'd respond
Fair enough
Or tell her she's pretty, then ask a question
It stands out from "Hey can I eat your butt"
Idk, if I match with someone and they start off like that I'll usually answer back
Hi, how was your weekend?
Erik don't be like that, I'm sure she's not a bot. Just kill it like you kill everything else, go message her!
She's cute, go for it!!
Lol, what do you mean?
Haha thank you broths
Do we have anything were suppose to do for theater?
Ok. Back to lil Venice
Yep
Plans changed, looks like Jack and Chris prefer to go to Burger Mondays, so we’ll go there instead. Jack is calling to make a reservation there instead.
Nice
We're leaving Hillside at around 7:00. Be there at 7:30; we'll drive everyone so just meet us thereZ
Awesome. Making a reservation for 7:30.
Would you perhaps be interested in dinner with me, Jenn, Chris, and Jack? Thinking of leaving for Little Venice at around 7:00.
Is this just to download the app? WhAt does the app do?
We don't deal with him directly
No lease yet
Enjoy your hangover and studying lol
Womp Womp
I thought I had something better but I don't so
Why were you selling pizza at 2am?
Oh definitely, especially if it was Dominos. Nothing is worth giving that away
Where you at!
Yo
What are your plans for tomorrow mi amigo ?
Can't go dt 
Ok. On our way
Use fb for messaging
Ya*
U.S.
Good 
Make sure alex comes 
10 at sake tumi
Yo I'm just getting home in a few from dinner idk lemme text Bob
Nvm, I'm Gucci
:(
I'm at lost dog with my parents
Mhmm I set it to NULL, the compilers still throwing that same error on if(customers[i] !=NULL) line. It doesn't like how I'm accessing the array
rekt
The error persists, though
You're completely right, I didn't initialize int i
And I did not...😬
Like a whole 3 inches
I slept like 10 hours last night, it was fantastic
this was the last four hours of my life
go on itai’s github immediately
All those errors are being called on line 19 - it can't be as simple as customers[i], right?
s have access to it. I need to iterate through the customers array that belongs to that bank object
In functions contained in Bank.cpp. When I call those functions from the main, I'm passing in the bank object we created as a parameter so those function
etters doesn't seem right but I'm lost
Do I need to create getters for the Bank class? I'm trying to access the customers array so I can iterate through it( private data member of the Bank). G
It must be nice to have your life together, lol. I should try it sometime
Hbu?
Friday...I'll be running at some point too
Straight work, for the most part :( I have a 240 hw assignment I'm doing now, I still that lab to finish and another one to start, I have two exams next 
Absolutely
http://www.factcheck.org/2009/05/misquoting-yamamoto/
wow this is super sad
PUPPIES AND KITTIES!!!!
Is it? Lol if someone said that to me right off the bat something would get smacked, but it wouldn't be my butt
You would use that as a pickup line? Lol, I can't tell if you're being serious or not...
How was your night?
Yeah I did, I don't think they went out but I'm actually not sure
How was the banger
My dude! I.ll be there in 2 minutes
Bout to be dt u?
Sup my man
Is that how you greet an old friend?
Alright know where it is wel meet you there
Lead us to Belmont haha
About to park
Where should we park
Where is their party Belmont?
Just left my house
hours 😬
I'm walking over to G7, I was gunna post up there for the next few 
Alrighty, thank you! And that sounds like a solid Friday, be sure to make bad choices
No worries!!! See ya next time
You going out?
Meh, if I submit by Sunday night with a perfect program its an 80. I'm not proud but I can handle it
Merppp
Trying to decide what hit to take on this lab I'm not done with it but 2/3 of the class didn't submit it yesterday when it was due so yea
Imma bring beer from my house what you have
Same
What do you want to do about cars and booze and such
Alright finishing lab
Ok be right there
Chris is doing astronomy. Looks like it's gonna be a nice gay date
No worries 
Good point 
You're driving? Should I chug a beer and do websockets after 
Aight
Sorry was driving, wanted to respond
Let me grab my wallet
Let's do it
Right now
Are we doing this right now?
Hmmmm
Not tryna get crunk and hoes per se
I realized that after last night 
And imma skip. I'm more the have a beer with ur bros and reminisce 
Noice
Then leaving as soon as I'm done
About to be in g7 to finish os lab
True wanna just go from there and get a ride/cab/bus downtown
Hell yeah
What the balls
😒😣
Oh, I can pass it as a parameter
Wait no, that's wrong too
Mhmm. Maybe I should just declare it in Bank.cpp, I think I answered my own question
Is there any way I can make Bank.cpp see the bank object declared in main?
I think it would be a lot of fun
Btw you wanna go to that party in hillside tonight it's the same people as that other time we went
Then going to g7 for 350
I'm in advising now
Then I need to finish 350 lab but if be down to go right after that
Potentially but I don't think I can I'm supposed to do my follow up call with artivest then but he said he could do it now so in waiting for him to call me
Now go away
That wasn't weird you just made it weird fuck you
Sorry- wrong number
Anything for you Erik obviously
Stupid mistakes sorry
Limits and derivatives mainly
No problem...and gues what 96 on my first math exam aren't you proud hahaha
516-316-0655
Remember me when you're famous
A project manager/engineering role sounds intense, I didn't realize that was a thing...But I believe in you. You got this
Ight
is a bus coming by our area? I know you told me but I didn't really understand
I found a couple other hackathons that we could try to go to this fall. Like hackharvard, hackUmass and Bostonhacks. But how would I go about finding if there 
Haha it's all good
So hackRU is a no go I'm guessing?
Jk, I know you'll be fabulous. Are you doing any prep or are you pretty confident?
Damn, don't fuck it up 😬
Sorry, I was about to be late for 240 and I had to poop so I sprinted :(
Awesome thank you
Hi- random. I'm in a class that I have to go to 10 engineering, bio or life science seminars and only 8 of them can be at cornell, so I'm looking for ones at Bing. I tried to navigate the website but can't find anything. Do you know where I can find a listing/know who I can email for a listing/know of any bio or BME profs that would be nice to me if I emailed them asking about this? I asked caro and she had no idea hahah I figured since you're in engineering you may know better
ha. Good luck.  Wish us luck too, taking out buyers and the probability of them buying something is against all stats
And I'm hungry 😔
I just let all my work back up. It's my fault, I underestimated the lab. I still have CW and 320 to do tonight too
How was HackBU?
Meh, I'm crabby, but I'll survive
Lol, alright thank you
Mhmm okay, I'm having 240 trouble. I was going to come tonight but my codes a shitshow atm, it needs to be tamed
Mhmm, alright nvm
What is your life like tomorrow? Say after 3ish?
Deez nuts
Lol
That's fine. Thanks for letting me know, though. 👍🏼
Steve is killing it right now
But yes 
I don't understand 
Why would you add lol
My bad. He took my phone. Sorry dude 
lol he says it's simple. 
Aight, this is Barry's boy.   He needs to embed a soundcloud embedding code into Facebook so it plays directly from the page.
Alright man. 
Fuck. 
???
Gotcha
Which is L
Be there in 5
I'll pick u up im about to leave g7 my car is in ciw
About to leave lets get going
Ohhh okay that makes sense
What are you guys doing here? To your left
Lemme know 
You figure it out? 
Rly enjoyed that you said yes to that even tho u had no clue who I was
Yes common get w the program
Math club forever
Lmao!! It's shira!
Hey!! Me and my roommate are throwing a pregame in twin tomorrow night 9:30/10 room 358 come thru and bring whoever and your own alc bc we stink!
Might*
Aight, I meant harass you for some c++ help later
Not to interrupt, but you'll be at HackBU tomorrow?
😏
I hope everything comes out okay
Meh, not that I can think of. Depends on the girl
I saw a bumper sticker that said, "If you're going to ride my ass, at least pull my hair"
More common than choking, I'd say
Lol, basically
Fair enough, that's what I figured
Top three for guys?
ave someone who's not okay with her body she's not going to want to get on top, etc.
I don't think I can, it depends on so much...her personality a important too, kinda. if you have a lazy girl she might prefer mostly missionary, if you h
Haha, completely varies. Depends on his size, her capacity, speed, angle, her flexibility
Lol, idk - any more questions about the female psyche?
Oh, no your grocery store comment genuinely made me crack up. Well played
Maybe what?
^I just died, lmaoooo
Merp
Ask before you choke her...
Oh? Lol, well have fun
I've heard asphyxiation can heighten orgasm, too
an expression of that
I'd say there's an 8/10 chance any girl you end up with is going to prefer to be dominated. To what degree varies, it's kind of a spectrum, but chokings 
Wait, choking like during a BJ, or with the guys hands?
LMAO, why is that worthy of being a story? That poor girl, smh. It's more common than you would think
 to have anal done, at least you can orgasm from that
I guess some girls do feel some stimulation with that, but I think general rule of thumb is its not our go-to. It genuinely makes more sense for you guys
Mmmm, I'll think about it
No Erik, I will not peg you
I'm always here for you
I'm glad I could be that milestone in your life
Sorry, I don't do nudes
Doesn't everybody?
I just ate a ton of junk food, make me feel better
*facepalm*
Agreed, it escalated fast
Don't take just any pussy
It's all going to be okay
It wasn't, I promise
Sit down
No, it didn't choose you
Yeah I'll see you tmrw
I'm with Austin and he said he'd drive lol
Damn haha. There have to be other schools going though
Alright sounds good. I also did officially get accepted to the hackathon.
https://i.imgur.com/newrtJH.gifv
When do we leave for HackRU?
oh, hence the incompetence 
H sounds like an incompetent dweeb anyway
It was probably you
I was crediting you!!
No no! I got in
Did u pull dem Rutgers strings 😎😉
No hahah
contact with him will trigger me
i think i have ptsd
Lmfao
dat moment wen u working and u know matt will hate it but den u realize u don’t report to matt no more
Ur not a minority lol
*can
So idk if you cab
Well ur not qualified Erik
Bad dude lol
Cuz that shits fucked up
I was jw lol
Goldman sachs
From gs
Did that guy get back to you?
Okay I told him, I'll lyk what happens
Hey Erik, Rushil and Will are trying to head to hackRU, should they sign up on the website?
Lmfao thank you
What?
Yo I need a raunchy/sex joke asap
Lol thanks Erik, that's all I ever need
I fucked up
Sidenote totally forgot my food I'm pretty bummed
Yaaaassss
:)

You didn't miss much. I'll fill you in via FB or something.
Haha, no problem! Just wanted to see you're alive. <3
Missed you at tonight's meeting. Just wanted to check to see you're alive. :)
Hey bud, everything alright?
And then after that "or idk maybe the other way around up to you"
😂😂😂😂
Ya got nothing to lose, right?
Honestly, it couldn't hurt. I say go for it.
How long has it been since said message?
You blew it
We were the last to go and not everyone went 
It's all good dw 
You coming to the meeting?
Okay be here in a sec
Or by app?
The back?
Okay wait can we do 7? I just had an emergency convo with a friend so it set me back a teenie bit
Okie sounds good dawg
645 sound Gucci?
They're hard!! I thought abroad was supposed to be easy lol
And yes some have said love
Hahahh they say cheers instead of thank you
Lol
They say words funny. Like "let's take the lift" instead of elevator
The boys are so well dressed. I'm gonna marry one
It is super pretty and all the people are pretty
I have to go to all my classes. It sucks. Like if I miss one class, they take off half a letter grade off my final grade
THEY WONT LET ME IN THEN
like heels and skirt ugh
But I'm going to Wales this weekend to cliff dive
London is great and going out you have to be so fancy ugh
Ohhhhhhh hehehe I miss drunk Erik
You're drunk now?
Wait what
Tell me EVERYTHING
I've been homesick lately
I miss you
So how is you
Thank you
You're a doll
Okie yay I got the same answer
Hahaha welcome to londontown
For question 2 what is x though?
i feel like i haven’t talked to you in fore
also why you’re helping me with that….update me on your life
Come be my math brain
OMG ARE YOU GOOD AT STATS
good
how do i get american netflix here
hi bby
Depends on the landlord 
I honestly don't know.. His parents want to hear what's in the lease first
If you have any tweet ideas, hmu, il definitely credit you when it blows over 
I really hope he didn't block it
I did tweet some dank 
He probably thought it was a spam account
Formulations are growing. Don't follow it or it might give it away 
I was wondering if he blurted out over the weekend that he suddenly gained a follower called that
I will be using it to mess with itai
Over the weekend i procured @dankkush_69
Ok. Please keep this to yourself 
oh no. Itai 
Does dank kush ring a bell?
Did anything happen over the weekend... regarding Twitter 
Can I ask you something
 They didn't send the lease yet
Saaaameee🙆🏼🙆🏼
Okay I'll text ya tomorrow when I feel out when will be best.
Right Tuesday's you have off
Que tiempo?
We'll weigh out options mañana
Haha okay whimsical it is
Have you ever been to a whole in the wall? I know you're on a health kick and I've hear good things about that place
Erm I'll do either honestly. I mean who doesn't good old Sodexo ... Or actual good food is good too lol
I'm a very agreeable person you see
Not particularly, you got your eye on something ?
However, can we switch this to a dinner? Bc I have to be at the preschool now during the day
Yes sorry phone was put on airplane mode due to studying
Pussy/bone
CATDOG 🐶😸
Lol, let me know how many Hey Arnold bitches hit you up
I'd respond to that in a heartbeat
Mhmm. Any other Tinder prospects?
True. Has she been responding to your Level 1 Kanye come-ons?
"You want a mimosa, you classy bitch?"
I don't believe you did, proceed
Mhmm. You're extremely right, thanks for the perspective
Lol no, I'm not interested at all. I wouldn't mind being better friends I guess, but if I poke back I don't want to send the wrong impression
So if a guy you talk to maybe once or twice a semester pokes you on FB, what does that mean?
here and knew who she was, but didn't think she'd want to talk. I wouldn't have pegged her for being a pothead...people are interesting
Thanks for offering her a ride. So I like saw her at Walmart a few  weeks ago, and I waved and she waved, but that was it...I actually saw her standing t
Yo yo
 I can take a day off before Xmas, but after Xmas is already booked.
I have a dr appointment on jan 20th at 10:30 . If you make the flight that afternoon I can drive u to the airport.
Ok
lol
https://i.imgur.com/XRW6V17.jpg
I vote for “Coputer Upgradetion” to be the new name of our hackathon
Dope
I'm still in G7, I'll just meet you from there
Isadora had a cold too. How are your classes? How's the apartment?
How is everything going?
We've all been getting new cards. It the new microchip technology. They are replacing all the old cards.
You got a new debit card from MT. I'm mailing to 86 oak st, bing ny 13905, basement apt. Is that right?
Meh, we'll talk about it
Just don't get me sick, I will kill you
That would be lovely :)
Maybe cold stone at 9?
Ughhh, you're literally making me so fat. I think I'll be okay with 240, it's just expanding the bank account thing from last lab
Aiden Cullo 
And I would but I stuffed myself about an hour ago, plus I'm tryna get 240 done tonight :/
 Meh, I'd give it like a 6.5/10
Do you write at all?
Some girl in my creative writing class wrote an "Ode to my Bed" poem
Jk, I agree. I don't like things like that. If you can do it you can do it, if you can't you can't
Like you said, it's hard to be a white, middle-class, heterosexual male
Discrimination 
That's honestly discern
Lmfaoo
This is the world today
Merp 😒
I feel that, I just added some spices to my pasta sauce and its now on point
Mhmm okay, Zach made a comment once and I couldnt tell if he was serious or not
Question: at any point in time did you think I was goth?
Lol it's okay, I wore all black and feel weird cuz it's a sunny, perky day out
Your verbs are confusing me, you did what?
And yeah, I'd judge someone ordering chicken soup in a heartbeat
Weird places? Go on..
But seriously, I'm sorry your sick :( cold? Fever? Aids?
, you should know better than that
Wow, you're a terrible student. Missing class because you're sick? Emailing professors ahead of time and letting them know? I can't believe you right now
Hey what's up hello
:’(((((
Oh lololololololololololol that’s pretty good
If this was a joke, I didn’t really get it, lol
Np bro
Hop on over, we're in Jenn's room.
Sounds good!
Sure thing! I’m here in my apartment.
lolololol you were so funny last night

And, of course; how can I best help?
Hiiii Erik, how’s it going?
ds though lol - so Geneseo was a good time?
Sorry, I passed out 😬Thank you for thinking of me and my turnt nee
Will do
Wig housing
I honestly dk what's going on atm
Not yet
Ok.
Do did you set it up with your Binghamton address? Did you give them a security deposit?
Do you pay electric/ heat to NYSEG acct 1004-3319-879? They sent you a letter to the west bury address looking for a security deposit of $215. The number to call is 1-800-572-1111.
Hi 
Yooo, hows Geneseo?
Yas, that we finna will
No worries tho we have the whole year to get all kinds of turnt
Me too😕
Those are / were exactly my feelings
And the list goes on
Peach ciroc? Check. Mango pineapple? Check. Strawberry lemonade? Check
Oh it was. the kicker was that it was like, every kind of fruity vodka known to man
It was more like vodka with like everything
Cran*
Minus the crab
Home rn
I vommed a few times
Yes
Bc last night I died
Tn*
Haha nah I didn't go out rn
Be there in ten
Sweet
Ok, we'll be at the house at 10:30
Kaitlyns suite, you at phi cow?
Thank you very much friend, I appreciate it
Waiting for 9 years.
?
Okay
Sweet do you have his number?
I texted Tim and will neither of them responded, I still have to text simeon
Idk what I'm doing for housing so that's why I'm trying to do something like this
Okay sounds good
I was trying to get an apartment with will, Tim, Simeon, you and me or maybe some others that I'm not thinking of
What're you doing for housing next year?
Yo
I feel the same way. Idk we're gonna talk again today
Hopefully soon cuz this place will go fast
The only thing stopping us is josh
The only. Thing sto
Josh's parents are giving him a hard time about living downtown so he might hafta back out
Morgan, josh, and two more that u prob don't know (Andrew and Noah)
Ok I'll keep you posted
Most likely 140 court
There may be someone dropping out from us if ur still looking 
We are very close to
Lol let me come take a look
Sweet

best of luck to you mate wishing you all the best and keeping my fingers crossed ;)
How u doin
Cool we're here, maybe going to sleep soon. But the door is open
Lol sounds good
Keep having fun!
Yep, having a good time! We're probably going to head back to Nikki's soon until we probably get dragged out to the bars.
Haven't been kicked out? :)

Cool, what're you thinking of doingV
having fun?
YOURE INTERRUPTING MY FOOD ERIK
How's it going??? 😄
YAS
Feel like it's necessary at this point
I'd like a one on one actually
Yes.
Serious bonding could be a thing
Idk
I've never had Denny's, so that could be a thing
Indeed.
I will go anywhere your heart desires
And where?
10 or 1030?
Yes
Lol
Dinner ?
Okay
When will you be back ?
We shall arrange this
We gotta get together for a meal soon
I look so dumb
Ok we got you
Nope I'll get you in, just be with Jen if you can. If not we'll get you
my heart melted
So you are going to sig nu?
Alright I'll take it
doooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
you’re out with itai and jenn!?!?!?!?!?
Thanks kid, also are you dressed like a mathlete or nah
So if I need to hit a bitch tonight, back me up. Kaitlyn has been cat called twice already and I'm fuming on the inside
Sounds like it could be funny
What lmfao
You going out tn?
Ok, we'll be at sig nu @10:30. Math up bro, I'm coming for you
Where on campus
Sweet!
So how's the ride
Lol we'll make it an adventure.
Lol no not really
8th grade pant dropper playlist all night
Oksounds good
What's your eta
👍🏼👍🏼
Picking up food in a sec

Where u at? / where should we go?
Heading out now, be there in ~15 minutes
Jenn is finishing packing up but the food is ready at Thai Time so as soon as she's ready we'll go and I'll let you know.
Sure, we’re just getting ready to leave my apartment for Jenn’s now. If you come to the loading zone (right by the hillside bus stop) we can take your stuff.
Your total comes out to $15 (including tax)
Sounds good, that’s what I thought.
So does that imply that you want it not spicy, or that I’m wrong and you want it spicy? #ambiguity
You want your Drunken Noodle not spicy, right?
Sure. I’m putting in the order right now so that would work out perfectly. We’ll come to you when the food is ready and pack in the meantime. (y)
#swert
And we have a more relaxed time constraint than I thought so it’s okay.
Looks like Thai Time is closed until 4:30, so just come up here when you’re done. We’ll order when we can. :)
You're too kind
Ill assume I looked fabulous as always
Excellent, looking forward to it
Sounds good. We’re planning on putting in the Thai Time order at around 4:00 so we’ll be picking it up at around that time. Feel free to take your time or head to my apartment. People should be here.
Sounds good. When are you scheduled to be done?
NVM found the correct site
lel

Also, can you send me a link to your assignment PDF? It’s not on Bartenstein’s site…
Np
Can do. 😊👍
If we order from Thai Time, what would you like?
Lol it's okay thanks anyway homie 
I need one for a mixer lol
Omg so sad 😭😭
Do you happen to have an extra necktie that you won't be wearing to date party?
When do you leave for geneseo
Yo
😁😁😁
See you there chief.
It's calling your name lol, I have to go shopping now
Oh gotcha, thanks for the clarification.
Lol no idea what that means but bring home the gold
*mathletes
Theme tonight is math lets vs athletes, this is all you kid
I SEE YOU
😎🙏🏼😎
Okay, we'll be there real soon.
Maybe there are seats out by the CCPD area?
Just grabbed food to go at Nezuntoes and got in the car. We'll be there in ~10 minutes.

Grab a seat somewhere if you can?
👍🏼😎👍🏼
Sound okay?
Okay, so the plan right now is: we're going to go get food and bring it to the BUMP. We'll eat there and I'll help you with 220. Realistically we'll likely get there at around 12:40 or so, but that should leave us with a solid amount of time to cover 220.
Jamz the Boner
Np 

Jenn gets out of class at 10:40 and she's going to come back here. I'll talk to her — she's also got class at 1:10, so maybe we'll come down to the Marketplace to eat/work at around noon. I'll let you know.
Okay, sure thing! When do you have class, BTW?
I'm going to go down to campus to return a text book probably at around noon. You going to be around?
. So yea just come thru but I will be sexiling you at some point
Kaitlyn send Jenn an her friend are going to be going to the frat as well before the bar because that's what most people do. They go to the bars at 12ish
she's doing a lot of work but I'll get back to you ASAP
I mean, I won't because I'm with Kaitlyn. It's like an unwritten rule they must accept me or I'll beat a bitch. Kaitlyn has yet to respond to me because 
I know that phi lamb is going to a party at a frat on Friday night and I go wherever Kaitlyn goes. Let me get the details
azer. Should I man up and do the pants as well?
Lol atta boy, I'm still in a tshirt and shorts. I feel awful though. And that's nice I like it. Saturday I'm going khakis dress shirt and tie and grey bl
Both
Oh I'm ready but tell me first, what're you wearing?
Whats uppppppppp
Thanks Erik, are you coming to the acm competition tonight?
Okay I'm registered
Walking to c4 now
I mean, I don’t mind if you come by after, unless it’s really inconvenient for you.
Is it something you need me for physically, or can you quickly take a screenshot/send me code?
After, then? I'll be around...
I'm not coming tonight; they're apparently using HackerRank and I don't have time for their bullshit. What are you doing before that, though? I'll be either at Jenn's or here in my room.
I'm sure you all would have a blast.  
We talked to Alex last night and he said he would definitely be up for that if the timing is right for u...ROAD TRIP
Yes.  If you could do the same would you be willing to drive down with them and the dog. 
Can u call me tonight to discuss I looked at flights earlier in the week and there wasn't that many seats left.  Julia n Alex are looking to come down the Sunday before to the sun after
Hey did u find anything out about Xmas 
Ok awesome
Or can u meet at c4?
I would just want to get dinner first 
Yeah sure
550
I have class at 425
U able to rehearse as 3?
I see that u got it
I sent a photo from butch a number. Did u get it
Okay phew, thanks!
I just realized it was due at noon, not midnight. Was I too late?
aced 😬
I'll fill out both lol. Thank you for the reminder, I completely sp
Okay where are you sitting near 
Walking to union 
Ok if u get there before me can you try to get a booth I really need to charge my computer lol 
Ok I'm going to union at 11:30
😭😭😭😭
I have a test tomorrow so I'm really busy until the weekend starts but -- friendship this weekend? :(
Hi hi 
Do you have class now?
I have a sociology test I have to study for :( I don't understand sociology
Hey is there room on the bus for hackRU
Was a good*
Actually don't, lol but that was a comeback, you get an A-
Go on...
Way to go
It got cancelled out. You started with an insult, so naturally I was crying too hard to care about the rest
It was a joke, playing off of you saying you weren't sure if my face was pretty
No, moments gone
Nvm, no one gets me
I'd reply, but I'm too busy looking for a bag to put over my head
Like a thousand times better
You "think" I'm pretty? You're not sure? Fuck off
Lol, well let me know how it goes
"Let's go on a date" will be better received, it can't hurt to try
Oh, no it was a question, I was asking which one you were going for
Like "Let's bang," or "let's go on a date?"
Yeah, I've read that. Good luck finding a girl willing to be that direct, lol
That's what Reddit said too, just be confident and actually try lol
Jesus Erik
Most things do
It all comes back to sex
she grinds well, I bet she'd be great in bed," and we want to be wanted, so if we can excite you then...yeah
I personally would be self conscious doing that for real in public, but I think girls genuinely like to. I think it subconsciously tells the guy, "Damn, 
The Internet is funny
Lmao no, it just cracked me up
Agreed.
Granted a rager would've been great
Lol
:) 
But it was still fun. I enjoy chill nights like that
Eh yeah and it was kinda last minute too
And a couple tbsp of vinegar for taste
Sometimes brown rice and often Kale or 'leafy greens' mix
Last night was fun btw thanks :D
Lol exactly
Obvs 
If you'll be on campus
Ummm idk honestly I have a lot to do still. Wanna meet for lunch tomorrow instead?
I'm working on a project right now- I can text you when I'm done? It might be late though 
I'm quite sleep deprived
Nah I have to get adequate sleep tonight lol
Sorry was in the lib
Nahhh I died yesterday my body needs a break 
Disaster
Geography boners unfortunately
Interesting lol
I get very tired in my old age
I'm sorry I didn't come
#preach
Did you bone any little girls
! 
Lmaooo what were those drinks
Did you have a good time at least?
It always takes us longer than we think to get ready 
That's why I was afraid to commit 
I'm sorry!! 
My friend is interviewing. Would it be ok if he asked you some questions via email
Yes very illegal. They are the largest automaker in the world and they may have to sell the company over this.
Did you have a phone interview with epic
How was it?
Hey sorry we didn't make the party last night we took so long to get ready 😪 
That literally made my week ! 😂
Anyone who is home can come
Adam yeah sorry
As drunk as you want I don't give a fuck just be fun
Josh Justin tom Joni then a bunch of my friends
I'm going to throw a friends giving this year, cuz josh wants me to throw down again so you're invited if you want
Wow...feeling the hate
Idk well just let it play out anyway it's gonna be a chill ass time
Cuz that'd be hilarious since Emily won't even be ther
Wait so for thanksgiving are you coming to my aunts house?
Haha true that, but me and other frosh just sit in our dorms watching friends on Netflix every weekend, while we get snapchats of all our drunk friends
Like I used to be able to have like 8 shots no problem if I did that now I'd die!
I'm most upset that my tolerance and flip cup skills are declining cuz of this dry season
It's scary
It is! IM THE ONE GETTIG THE DRUNK CALLS!
It's literally the worst experience of my life
Erik I've officially been 7 weeks sober...
Wtf!! How do you do it
So just try not to be drunk when I call you
Cuz right now I already know everything we're doing but soon I'm gonna be lost
But you can expect a lot of calls once I go into a harder math class
Wow I am literally counting the days 😂😂
But next semester I will be put into more now hay I've declared
ajors take haha
Since I came in undeclared I'm only taking a calc class, but it's the highest level one cuz I opted out of the regular math class that all the business m
Did you have fun atleast?
Hahah it's fine and yeah I declared last week
Did you see that Volkswagen was able to program their cars the run differently when it was being tested for emissions? That seems like quite an engineering feat.
Nah, I got back okay. Thanks for checking
All of the above
 Lol yes we did babe
Hahahaha well that's a great game
Hey is it still going on?
Oh god help me 😂😂
Merp!!!
I'm sorry 
What house on Oak?
I'm so gay
It's so late
I'm so tired Eric
OOOOH
Dope
Thanksgiving with us...is this true?
I heard you're spending thank
You need to find Jesus Erik...
How long is the party bumpin' for?
11ish. The cab I hopped in is apparently only dropping off at Chestnut, so I'll have to walk a little
Allana*
Whoa
Alana's* in bed, she doesn't feel well. Gina had planned to stick with Zach, they went to the bars
What a time to be alive, right?
So turnt
Just brought Shaina back to campus, be there soon
Hahha of course you would, wait did you send a really long funny invite on fb cuz Julia showed me one
Are there a lot of people
Hey
 How's Bing?
jor 😎😎
Just thought I'd let you know that i officially declared my math ma
He's gay
He's at his brothers house...
Come through to the office hahaha
I know right
Sweet sweet Erik
Oh Erik
How many people do you expect
:()
I would love to but I have work at 8 am so I don't wanna be a lamo
I don't think so, I think you'll just have to deal with me
What's your address
Probably between 10 and 10:30!
Does that include Barry's mixtape?
I'm looking for a rain date is what I'm doing
Maybe depends on alex 
I feel homeless 
Idk what were doing yet 
Okay word just checking in 
So how's the party sitch looking 
Where do you live
=|
I think I'm gonna take it easy tn, is there a chance of postponement?
Little pieces of clean bulk and lean gains
omg
what the hell is a dirty sprite?
Is this still going down? Lol I didn't think anyone rsvp'd
I wouldn't know I've never seen one
It's prob a vagina
I just dk if I'm coming tn cuz I'm pretty sure I'm still suffering the effects of alcohol poisoning
Word
I can't make it :((
Slash how was the interview 
Don't want viruses
Is there a site where you download all ur music
That's k, snagged it 4 u
Look at the top yak right now
Sure thing! Come on up here
Ye
Hihi 
Isn't it far?? 
Where is it doe
That I am 😎
All day every day
No problem. Just wanted to make sure
Hack*.... I will bring it to the advising office tomorrow
Hey!

It is Eddie. Did you leave yet? I think I have your back BU sweatshirt
Swaggie
:( :( :(

straight up codeine is fine though i checked with my doc
Lmao ur crazy 
Idk !!! I'm day drinking so hopefully I'll be alive by then but I might be passed out somewhere 
Lel
Around 7:00 PM
I might come anyway just to hang out
Sundown
I'll check the specific time
Maybe.
Yom Kippur starts tomorrow night and I'll be fasting. No food or drink, so not sure yet.
What time is it?
🙏🏼
Lool
Go hunt, my majestic friend, go hunt
Some raw, hot, fuckin

Lol on a serious note, I think between Jenn and Kaitlyn Davis, I think that if you really need it they can find you someone ;)
Lol yeah that was the idea
Sorry :(. I meant it as a compliment. I think you're funny and do drop game. Just wanted to see if I could match you up with someone. 
Are you really insulted ?- Jenn 
I went on when I was drunk I guess 
Lmao I literally forgot about it 
"I'm going to have to find somebody to make out with Erik at date party." -- Jenn
That's for you to find out. ;)
Lol
looooooooooooooooooooooooooppppooooooooooiioooooooopllllllll
Lol, yeah - Abby Giles. She was on my Council last year. She's nice.

Is that Tinder?
Omg my pictures are so old 
nhytell628@gmail
Via email?
You got it?
Give it a try
It was good
*chance
Send me the link when you get a game
Did you watch the new South Park
Gucci
Lol I have to be somewhere at 8:45
Can't do any earlier?
Which is today
I need to get bottles for Barry's bday
Today before 8
Whenever you're free
Chances you could get me to a liquor store..?😬
=|
Won't it be awkies for your friends to be around their TA
Do you just need me to buy beer and cigarettes
Will there be finger foods
Aren't you embarrassed of me
ON
Right when my stories are in
A party on a Tuesday!?
No way! I guess he has a lot of free time on his hands. He will have TJ Oshie blocking shots with his face.
No
Erik
20
I have class in 2
Come hang out with your old bud Andrew
Random duo
Omw
86 oak b.S.M.T art. Binghamton n.y
You must put your electric in your name or it will be cut off landlord
have you ever listened to scott & brendo? I’m just getting into them 
Peter Pan reveals how he can fly. http://i.imgur.com/CRG1Mnp.gifv
Weird, that last message didn't show up on my phone til now. But okay cool, I know where it is
wat
she’s always been super weird. this was like major wat. she said there was something else. we talked more, then this morning i go to copy and paste it for you and she’s gone
I’m being a little facetious 
Erik you don't know how confused I am
She unmatched me
Speechless
Told me she was having a terrible week
I ask why
What street you on?
I can't speak for anyone else but yeah I'm down, I'll just be there a little later
Lol, they could always go back to Zachs too I guess. We'll see we'll see
Whoa I forgot about cabs. Gina and Allana hate paying, that's probably why
I figure I could run, but I doubt anyone would follow me
how everyone would get home
I think just our suite but I'm not sure, haha I'll see if I can suade them. It might be a slight issue since the buses aren't running late, I'm not sure 
That's awesome, lol do it!!! 😆
ResCon party or just s party?
Mhmm, I already committed to dinner at Zachs that night, but I'm assuming the party will go for awhile so I could stop by after
30 for 30 is fucking flames omfg
I am down
And just put the album on replay? Lol
It's up and down
I'm listening to it rn actually
Um
I drink that stuff almost as often as I do crack. I'm screwed
Is aspartame terrible for you?
Creative writing, contemplating life, drinking crystal light
😒
You're  always a winner to me ❤️
Aww I'm sorry :/
So for mommas 50th I'd get her a nice bottle of wine a picture frame of you and her in it from when you were little or recent and a nice piece of jewelry 
Nah u good boo
You're too genuine lol
The first text sounded very much like Erik 
Erik? 
No stop who is this 
Did you put google ads outta business?
Ugh, you're the worst
Hi I'm sorry! I have a new phone and lost all my contact info who is this?
Enjoy you sexy little bitch
Yeah, how about Wednesday?
ore tonight 😔 But you're right - wanna grab dinner tomorrow?
We already grabbed pizza at Nirchis, I don't think I could eat anym
Ok fantastic. let me know as soon as you find out and will look into flights. Thank you honey.  Love you
Don't worry about that.  If you can come down I will make it happen. 
rn 😬😬😬
Don't shoot me don't shoot me don't shoot me, I'm with XC recruits 
A question I ask myself (himself?) regularly
I've got a lot of kale and beans to eat if you know what I mean
My body is a wonderland
OK we will see about your finals.  But I also have to mention that it's my 50 birthday and would love for you to be down here with me.  Not that my birthday has ever been a big deal to me but this is a big one.
You should definitely do it
That sounds awesome but I already made dinner

Hey there. So it looks like Alex Julia and the Mac Attack are looking into coming down for Christmas.  Was wondering if you would be able to make it down too at that time.  
Lol, nice
I wanna hear about it when you get the chance
Oh ok cool, I'm going to take a bus to syracuse then either amtrak or another bus to rochester and I'm going to ask Kaitlyn if she could get me in rochester
Is itai driving there from Binghamton?
:(

What did you build?
Oh ok, yea we were talking about how rekt we are going to be. It's gonna be amazing
Coming
Yeah, she told me. It was pretty funny.

How was BigRed? You guys on your way home now?
Yes it was lol we talked about you and etai, if that's how you spell his name, and we discussed date party
Okay thanks!
Yeah, why?
Hey have you talked to our driver at all? Are we still planning to leave around 2? 
So I met Jen this weekend at Phi Lamb
right back atcha nerd
I worry about you, Erik. 
I'll wear my pointy boots. I've kicked Sahil with them many times and they are apparently painful
ur a nerd
why are you at Cornell?
okie thanks!
Hey-my friend that you met who was here when you have me the iclicker asked if you can help her roomie with her computer? it's spazzing out. she might have spilt water on it which contributed to the problem but yeah. if you aren't on campus, that's fine but do you know how to get in touch with someone who is? like the mewing computer person?
Lol
Found the actually good compilation
http://youtu.be/S6tdZwp7wAk

watch it now
<3 thx bb
Ok email says 12 is last presentations so i guess be there at 12 to be safe??
Hmmmmm well what time does cornell say their ceremony will end? Doesn't the bus driver need to know when to arrive?
Gabe*
Hey when is bus gonna be here tomorrow? I heard 2 but habe says 2:30
Woooo!
Ambitious, I like it. Let me know how it turns out!
Just wondered. Whatcha making?
Are you at a Hackathon?
Okay I'll actually be over at the table by Alex
Second floor, go up the staircase by where the food was I'll meet you
Do you mind if I just come ask you? It's easier than texting 
So I can create an issue that dexter/hems will respond to 
Which part?
Should I ask about my problems in an issue?
I agree dude, plus this lab has a crazy amount of mistakes
cia…
Hey Erik, you said you could help me finish my assignment right? I'm almost done I'm just having trouble with the tester class
We're on campus looking for the lot now 
Google maps says we're still about 50 mins away actually 
Good I think we're close but I'm not familiar with the area. I'll let you know when we get off at an exit 
Situation on the ground?
Hang in there bud
Haha I'm pulling in the back entrance of campus be there in a minute
Wanna sit together on the bus?
We have to fix this!! 
😔
Poooooo
I have class at 2:20 if you're free 
I was sleeping :( I just got to campus tho 
Everything's good so far! We have a lot of open seats. Only 13 people on the bus right now 
👰
aw sadness
dont*
please dot weep due to me
I'm sorry
I do but I have to write notes for my bio class and sleep-I haven't lately bc I have a bad cough
okey dokey I’m in my room
you on your way now?
okay, I should probably get dressed then
The whole situation with Joe Biden sort of evidence of that. Like, why couldn't they iron out whether he was gonna run against Hillary or not? Couldn't you just pull the squad in the oval office and iron it out super quick? All these people are running their own game
http://m.imgur.com/008PA4r
Why do all these people think their captain when you are clearly the captain
Verizon Msg: You've used nearly 2 GB more than the 4GB of data in your plan (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle is $15 per 1GB. Thank you for choosing Verizon.
I don't know if that was the right amount or not but 140 was in my head for a while
Okay that's cool I told him that it most likely wouldn't happen, thanks anyways! I can wait for tomorrow dude 😄
You know Ivan right? That's who I was asking for, he wanted to know if there's room
Hey is there still room for the hackathon?
Where you at?
Just finished
So swing by here
Me and Thirhse are studying in c4. We will be done in like 10 minutes
Which one?
Oh you were asking me?
Sounds good
Sure! We’re going to be here until then. I’ll probably leave at 7:15 to go to the EY event just to show my face.
Currently at Jenn’s. You? :P
Isles traded Grabner for 5 players I never heard of.
I'm gonna be working with Carl!
Awesome
Every night
Do you big dog 
By capital one
Where you at
Please do!
Too big 
Nope
Also don't have a suit jacket with me...
So I'm getting the..don't shave vibe
Arcesium
Yeah man just got here
Hb me?
Did you shave?
Ok
Lmk when you're going to the career fair
Send it through your phone number?
Won't let me sign up
And lol the tinder girl has a sense of humor
About the "one"
Wait what girl are you talking about?
 Hahaahahahhaahahah
erikkkkk
Venmo is tweaky what's the next best way
Mhmm nvm, I answered it myself
A retarded question: I have a cpp file and I'm declaring variables at the top to be used and modified by functions below. Are those considered global variables?
Done
Smokin the kush, beating the puss - can I borrow that for my creative writing class?
Do it, I'll come. Your gin bucket looked amazing
If you can pencil me in
But alright, lol apparently we'll shoot for mid-October
It must be a hard life
You said we should hit up the bars, I said absolutely
So absolutely
Lol that was literally the opposite of what they hoped to instill in us
Only if he uses stick ;)
Jk, it was mandatory for student-athletes
I have a problem
Gotta get me one
And the guy was an ex-bartender, I believe he said it was the name of a drink
🏊🏿
Send me stuff
Lmao, I learned the term "muff diver" at an alcoholic awareness seminar today
I guessing I just got called a whore
OMG you're really doing it lol 
Mhmm, I've always wanted to dive but I'm such a wimp
Do they have a diving board?
Yeah swimmers are beast, I couldn't do what they do. I've also avoided it because I don't want broad shoulders lol, but they're pretty dope
Honesty my nigga 
Of course I would tell you
Isn't the afterburn wonderful? Workout highs ftw. What did you do exactly?
Like are you actually talking to her or did you just match on tinder lol
Is there something to approve of?
Lol she's cute 
Ehh don't worry about it 
The ugly one 
Hate that bitch in the middle doe 
Oh word idk her 
Absolutely, you didn't know that? You just have to think about it really hard. Only works in the first trimester, though
Show me her 
Oh boy 
Yeah, I guess I'd be okay with that. Good thing I'm a woman and I can control that sort of thing, though
Do you want two girls? If you got to choose?
Naturally. I have no objections
Erik, we could be related
Obviously, they're my kids
I'm having two boys, can they marry your girls?
Lol!!!!! She's the one Erik!!
OK that's not so bad! 
Did you buy pants to go with it? 
Yeahh!!! 
sdflajsdjkfhsafjkhsjkhdf my texts aren’t sending from my computer
wait send me pictures instead, my phone is in a bag of rice currently
That one looked good I think?
Hi im sorry! Fell asleep 
Yes
Send me pictures? 
Hrm :( I'm in bed :( 
Not RJ
Yo Erik. Play fantasy hockey with me and RJ
Yo don't sign me up for Cornell apparently I have a lot of shit going on this weekend 
Lol yessss
But yeah, Tree stars ftw
I saw the email, doesn't mean I looked at everyone's page
Yeah just stalk my life, it's fine
Ok try to find out the contact for citi recruiting from those guys. I had a very hard time trying to find out who to contact for you last year.In a company as big as citi I'm just a random guy too.
Sure. Give me call when you are free. Let me know how it went 
Ok, don't you give them your resume at the job fair?
Ya :( I think I have a stomach virus 
1-2 
Also, if you wanna cover my help desk hours again, that would be awesome. I'm in the car back to bing now and I'm probably not going to be back in time 
Idk if I can go suit shopping today :( I'm sick 
Hey 
Great circlejerk headline this morning https://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerk/comments/3l3wrk/til_john_cena_saw_bernie_sanders_last_match_at/
Best post ever
Gotcha
Oh ok. I thought maybe you'd be like NAH BERNIE 420 NOSCOPE 4 LYFE
Hillary haha
Do you like Clinton 
I think they call that "69"
Yes for surely
But yeah, basically. I'll practice at the job fair and see what happens
I'm a biter...just saying
On the bright side - I've learned I should tell everyone I meet that I have AIDS upfront, so this kind of thing never happens again
Damn, we suck
As long as you don't mind AIDS, I'm down ;)
It just always makes me laugh - But I understand, save your material
Without the Reddit background, how would you react if a girl said that to you during?
My favorite line in the whole world ❤️
...I'm afraid and turned on at the same time...but yes sir
I don't think we're at that level...
🔫🔫🔫
If I miss your next one you can just shoot me
I'm sorry, it's not intentional :/ I leave my phone on silent 99% of the time, which doesn't help
Yeah just got my paycheck, if I don't have time tonight I'll for sure get it to you by the end of tomorrow
Oh my bad, okay
Nvm false alarm lol
Sorry, I was cooking and doing dishes - wazzup?
I would love to however I have a plethora of work to finish
Yo wait up
Okay finee 
My legs are fucked up too
How long do u think urs is going toa be?
Fire flames
No idea she never said 
Correct! How's it going?
Ah
Introduction to a google recruiter
All good in the hood
the Other photo as a layer above the background
I know there's a tool that can recognize shapes or whatever so you can use that to outline the shape of the face then lasso and cut it and paste it onto 
I would google it probably not too bad
Thank for working Monday dude
Are you on campus today?
Lol oh stawp
But well worth it 
 Not gonna lie she does itch 
Lolol!!! No maritime this fall means I've given up on man-scaping!!
6312693146 is a landline #. Reply Y to send all TXT messages to this # as voice messages for 0.25/msg. + std msg fee. Details @ vtext.com, TexttoLandline
That's amazing
Ayyyyyeeee
Okay will do
Lmfao
I didn't mention your name but she said she's definitely not looking to date rn
So I talked to Claire and its a no go.
It’s generally been a few days from my experience. But next time you use Venmo take a look and see if the money’s transferred immediately.
Still a hassle that they hold on to your money for a few days. With Square Cash you get the money instantly.
(Just looked it up.)
I remember reading that somewhere but I appear to be wrong. They don’t make any money off inter-personal transfers like that, just business ones.
Looking at devpressed.com lol
Nope
837-976 is your Cash confirmation code. By entering this code, you agree to the Terms of Service: https://squareup.com/legal/cash-ua
But UP SUCKSSSS
UP allows pets 
No it's pet free nigga 
Come to my place and we'll head to Jenn's together
Sounds good!
Hey, so what's the plan?
Nah, I'm in G7
No, lol...why what's up?
Yeah, of course, no rush
Ugh fine I guess
Np np
Do you want us to meet you at Thai Time or do you want to drive with us?
Where you at rn
lol I kno just messing with you
What are you saying here???
Loser, Fuck Gravity?
Let's Fart Graciously?
Left for Grains?
Dammit Erik now you're ignoring me

Sorry, my phone wasn't on me. But yeah we'd love to go to Thai Time if you're still up for it. We'd be happy to do 8:00–8:30 dinner
Sure, wanna meet up at Applebee's? Or did you wanna go somewhere else?
yep. the heart is whack
send the smile just to be sure
stop by the apt tonight for a shatting?
right. it renders other stuff. send the basic smile
http://cdn.meme.am/instances/60175641.jpg
FUCK
dafuq
check out this bs
nice
you just found a bug in os x
sir
one more time
the heart
send me that symbol again
wait
kk
also. I’m gonna start to involve myself in cdc stuff for grad (business) school to explore so let me know if you’d like me to keep you in the loop/drag you to things
lel
chris, i can’t believe it
for real though
don’t I’m gunna cri
well sad but kewl
kewl
do you know when andrew graduates?
No just been studying mostly. 
Mad bitchez
More than enough reasons 
True that
That is also true
Like making fun of Itai is ok bc he's super successful and everyone adores him. Plotko.. Sometimes I feel guilty I admit it 
Ok that's actually kinda sad haha
Ps all the GREs are today.. silly kids don't know what they're getting into, we got the inside scoop
what a nard
Pretty sure plotko still lives in the dorms like the horny little freshmen he is
Okay thanks a lot Erik, yeah really did me a solid by helping me out
Thanks man, I'm going to start going to his office hours every opportunity I get. He seems like a nice guy, and I'm going to use this weekend to catchup/pass the current work available 
Erik I got the extension from landers 🙏🏽
Slash you can meet us in a bar
Slash can u pick us up lol
What's your address
The people at the hospital already ruined any chance of that. 😢
Idk prob nine
Friends lol
Can we swing by when we're done here
Some peeps are gonna join us for franks later 
Me and Thirhse are at the colonial getting dinner atm 
How long does it take to get back?
I went for some medical testing on Friday and they had to shave some of my chest hair; that pic is what I looked like, and I decided to shave the rest of it off. Better to look like a baby than a freak.
Wow that took a lot of convincing 
Yea you're not allowed to dd
Word up
But I see tom and Marty's in the future 
Not sure
You down to clown?
Yo nigger
Lol I had to shave it all off. I look like a fat baby now.
Yeah, later Jenn and I plan on baking some pies and we want to bring him some.
With him, I mean.
Yeah, outwardly he seems okay, but he's probably not feeling great on the inside. You should swing by later when you can and we'll hang out.
Yeah. How'd you find out? If he didn't tell you directly I don't know how much he'd be okay with me saying.
You have to bend your te if you want the gronk points 
Wanna come by at some point?
I'm good! How are you doing? What're you up to today?
Lelelelelelelel 
Ooooo0000oooo just your type "pretty girl"
Ohhhh ok yeah fuck her
why what happened
hi erikkkk

Why were you up at 5:00 AM?
what happened with that girl
i miss you too
Thanks bae you always know what to say
yes but we are girls and we like to look pretty
d to experience me some pub life
but i need to go to a pub…like I’ve been clubbing but i guess i nee
its romantic
yea its pretty
Everything is good. I like all my classes. Just feeling a bit extra homesick today
"You look lovely" instead of "show me your tits"
They're much nicer when hitting on you
Their accents and how they talk make me swoon
I miss America too baby
Aww you sap
Verizon Msg: You've used nearly 1 GB more than the 4GB of data in your plan (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle is $15 per 1GB. Thank you for choosing Verizon.
But of coarse 
Nvm meet u guys at kats
Yeah. I'm not happy that someone was saying that shit. 
Fuck that. 
Fuck. 
It didn't drop over Shabbat? 
Yes
Ohhhhhhhhhhh 
I'm good and yes I'll bring it tonight but u gotta tell me about this pen lmao 
🐕✌🏼️
Check if StickerMule or StickerRobot do those

That could be pretty damn cool
🎶cool🎶
👍🏼😎👍🏼
"Hehehe, he's going to have to walk up a fucking hill. That's going to suck." — Jenn
#swert
Just checking

Jenn asks where Kaitlyn Davis lives
We're probably going to stay with a friend of Jenn's (on Main St.); does he need a place to stay or is he asking because he wants to know where we'll be?
Hey bud, what's up?
Also hackbu usb power adapters
Yes
Dude I'm really high I'll txt u tomarraw 
Yes 
Nooooooooo
Bring it tomorrow 
I'll save it
This
I check hold on 
Thanks Erik I really appreciate it
I'll message you on Facebook this way I can send you my code
Is there any chance that you could help me? It's due at midnight
I'm trying to do my first assignment for cs140. I feel like I'm starting to understand Java but I'm just so confused with writing this program for some reason
Yo
Sweet! Looking forward to it buddy
I hope that was vague enough for you
It's kind of important, for reasons I can't remember
Mark rippetoe 
i hope they discover this
no joke, i was kinda speechless
I am outside the dining hall
This is a fucking circlejerk headline 
<3 you da best
lol sorry I get anxious before traveling :/ okie
erik :(
or which lot are you parked in?
meet you at hinman at 1130?
Yeah I need to be up early too. Goodnight!!!
Lol alright, I'll send him your way when I'm through with him
Haha no no, just a general life observation
No you have it right, They're the fucking worst
Bleh
Still
Oh, alright I was gunna say
I'm just appalled. That's sad...😔
..................
......
...
Wtf
If someone grabs my ass and I tell them off, they haven't done anything wrong?
What?! Bullshit, you can sexually harass someone before they have a chance to say stop
I'm forwarding this to Rick and filing a harassment complaint
That wasn't an option I offered
I'm tired, accept my tired jokes or gtfo
I'm a solid state drive
I'm good...I ate a whole box of pasta by myself so I'm kind of regretting that atm, but otherwise im solid
I'm glad it does chief, glad it does
Lol I would never. Also, I've been making vodka smoothies recently and they are AMAZING
🐶🐶🐶
ink again if you'd like?
Whatever you want man, I have 11 yeungling Black and Tans and some fireball but I know you hate that. So whatever you want! I can make that bubble gum dr
Perfect, I'll be on campus until 4:45 so come to straight to my house. 196 w 8th street Oswego ny
Thanks for stopping by though
Oh. Lol, awkward...She said she'd taken it to the Apple Store a few times and they were able to help her, I figured I just didn't know what I was doing.
Lol that's a better analogy. What time do you think you'll get here tomorrow??
How was yours? Did things with that girls computer turn out okay?
Meh, it was okay. We just got back from Walmart, I haven't done my creative writing, I need to be up at 6...meh
ears with her track record
Left as in to go to his school but still boyfriend and girlfriend. Lol maybe, she's just going for numbers now. That vagina probably looks like elephant 
so I don't know what she's doing
Exactly that, she has this boyfriend who she brought to a party and we dislike him very much. When he left, the next week my housemate almost fucked her 
d Kat is having a party on Saturday but she's been irking me lately
So Harry's party is tomorrow night and so is pats, so maybe we could pregame at pats and then go to campus and party. No formal though it's still tbd. An
My friend pat is throwing a party down the block tomorrow and he's psyched that you're coming up
Sweet! Hold on let me ask Harry.
And they are covered with Japanese characters which is the real kicker hahaha
I feel like you can fit so much more shit on a page haha so smooth to right with and they don't smear at all
I've got one for ya too
These pilot pens are game changing hahah
Okay coming up
Slash is it going to be any time soon? Lol
Okie we're in the student success center underneath so just lmk when you're walking thru
Aight where you at?
Whenever you're done doing what you're doing I guess
Wanna get app nowl with nick and I?
Nah I was just wondering
Are you on campus ?
And I never know what the fuck he's saying so
I've never seen any of them and my professor keeps making references to them my dinosaur class 
Preferably the last one
Any of the Jurassic park movies 
Still slightly sick and the thought of going downtown isn't exactly appealing
Not for me mi amigo.
Wanna get food?
Ok I think I'm here
Aww. Well, show me after the GIM then?
Hillside
Wanna come hang out until the GIM?
Where are you rn?
Okkk
What's the market place called?
Okk see u there
6:40 good?
Like 6;30ish-6:45?
Okk I'm in class till 6 n after I'm getting food at the c4 Bc its kosher afterwards we'll meet up?
When wver is fine for u I still need to figure out what I'm doing 
wow, they are starting early.
Is the one inWisconsin? Is that for next summer?
Without me having to download it 
Could you find me a movie online 
Wait I got it!
Hey Erik I can't get the incidents that I've closed
Thank you Erik
hink it made much of an impact. She has a lot of space on her hard drive left, I didn't see much that would have been affecting her RAM...idk :/
 fixing her TV. Her Macs like 5 years old, 2 GBs of RAM, she gets the spinning beach ball all the time. I force quit applications last time but I don't t
Her email is bjones10@bing, she's really chill. I tried to look at her Mac again but it was so slow I could hardly click around, so I spent the last hour
Can I just tell her in person, since I'm here? Or do you want it in writing?
I'll be in practice then, but she said she's free - would you mind dropping by?
I'm there now, are you free? Hughes 324 B side
Nope, no clue
Can rescons help someone install more ram on their Mac? Or is that considered hardware related?
can I pull up passed tickets for their incident number?
Okay just got out doing it now
Okay thanks Erik, I'm sorry I've just been so overwhelmed with everything that's going on right now. I'm speaking with Eileen, I'll fix it right after
But, fingers crossed! :) You could also probably contact Davix and see if he’d pass your resume along too.
Unfortunately not. Apple tends to keep radio silence about that stuff. :(
I believe that
Lol. Well, they’ll get a choice for what they want to apply to, so… :P
About that, don’t remember off the top of my head. Why?
Yeah, that’d be a good idea. What do you think we should communicate? We can probably get the list from Leon. Now I remembered what I wanted to ask him and Chris made me forget. :P We should get a list of those students to send them a short email to make sure they know where to go + give our contact info.
HackRU sounds good. I’ll put that in there tentatively, with “more TBA”. Anything else you think I should include? :)
What else were we thinking of? (Tentatively?)
BigRed//Hacks is going on the list, as is HackRPI.
No, I meant for Chris & Jack, and Lucas, about the app demos. If they’re still interested in presenting I want them to let me know. But I’ll include stuff about hackathons, don’t worry.
Huhhhhughughh
Talking about working out makes me soft
And weak
More dirty
Are you out?
Ohhhh I want more of that
Wow that was aggressive
Don't piss on my back and tell me it's raining
😰
In class for 15 more minutes what up
We'll hafta see
Me and Nick have a quiz Friday morning sooooo
Possibly
Just fucking around
Nah I don't have a question
Lol
Oh boy, cant wait to see what this is. I'll check as soon as I get home tonight. 
Oh boy, cant wait to see what this is. I'll check as soon as I get home tonight. 
Oh shit I went to the union
No I was not
Yessir
Where you at
Kk dude
Nah fam
I'm here
Ok be there in 2
U still good for 5?
It also just started to drizzle btw
I don't think so :( I'm sorry! 
The psych clinical building near Susq haha
It looks like it's gonna pour in 5 seconds so I'm thinking I should maybe just go to Clearview... 
Np! 
Jazzmans? 
Hi my sister can't talk now so I'm free 
No prob 
Yeah perfect 
Ight awesome thanks see u there
Yeah around 4-4:30 good?
Hey Ik u wanted to meet at 3 but one of my teachers emailed me that there willing to meet me then? Is any other time better for u
Hahaha alright word I'll see you there
Okay that works, thanks Erik. Are you going on to hackBU gim tomorrow?
3-4 is my time to be there
Yo I won't be able to do my its help desk tomorrow due to a conflict with a psychology experiment, is that okay?
607-727-2358
Want to say thank you for being a big brother to Julia. 😘❤️😍hope you had a good start to your year. Mrs P
Just peeing
Almost there
But yeah I guess I can remote
I have putty, I'm just rusty with it
meet you in G7 in 10?
I killed a few processes, it freed up some space. I need to stop back on Thursday with her and help her with her remote. Im just picking up my ID, and I 
She doesn't though, that's the weird thing
It's under the Activity Monitor -> memory on a MacBook
Alright, give me like 20 <3
 Tremendously. I'm at a ResCon call atm, how long will you be on campus?
😊 
Joe still being a dick and only going to the venue?
It is one of my favorites for sure
So how's state street? Everyone shut down besides the rat?
I was playing with the auto suggestions, and they made a pretty competent sentence
Ok so I don't think that it was not immediately clear if you want to go back in the first place for a while ago 
The Binghamton experience getting any sweeter?
I'm keeping on, work is becoming manageable for the moment, u til disaster strikes next week or so
What's good buddy?
You
Hey
Pssst 
You know me too well ;)
Nah
Lol not like that
Accurate
Don't make fun of me, just let me soar
Literally flying to practice atm, I'm sorry :(
Hello, how's Erik?
GEICO Policy: Your payment of $112.37 for policy ending in 7488 will be billed to the credit/debit card ending in 6131 on 09/13. Reply STOP to end texts.
same spot
yeah
you coming?
Also my friendship 😄
Money? :P
Wanna cover my blitsd hours for me today 2-3? 😄
Hey, sorry we didn't get a chance to. I'll take a look today. :)
Verizon Msg: You've used all the data in your 4GB plan (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle is $15 per 1GB. Or, increase your More Everything plan by 2GB for $10 more per month. There's no contract extension. To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing Verizon.
You got it
Lenovo yoga 3 2 in 1
Got it. I had tarred my executable files in there and Gmail wouldn't let me send
I'll be in the art history department if you need me
That moment when you can't even tar your file...
Are you still up?
Haha you're the man thanks
I hope he releases it that was my favorite one he did
Same
Is it something he only does live or something?
Yeah I can't find it anywhere
Is jidenna gonna release the song he opened with?  The put your knickers on one?  I think it's called we made it but I can't find an MP3 anywhere
Right? I vacuumed, but apparently that wasn't enough 😒
I'll see what's doin
Possibly
Shaina and I cleaned once, but Allana and Gina had different expectations so I had to redo some stuff...have you ever used carpet powder in your life?
Literally just finished 😞
Yea I was wrong, that's Saturday. Or still in the works I'm not sure
nd Friday will hopefully be just a drinking thing at my place. No theme, just drink the beer
I totally am because I don't want my friends to hate me. Not a full on suit but yea: the formal is actually Saturday so we'll go straight from my show. A
Lol yea I don't go that far
I'm staying
have bruises from this weekend diving on my kitchen floor
 four days. To be honest, I miss our antics and beer pong skills. I've channeled my inner Erik because I showed my friends civil war and they love it. I 
Lol alright, I have to do plenty of work too so I get it. But if you feel you're having a good ass time, which I'm banking on, feel free to stay the full
ave plenty of space and food
Lol I'm fucking with you man, we are going to talk classic rock and new music and just shoot the shit. You sure you don't want to stay the four days? I h
I am the management lol, we aren't going to play it we are going to talk about your musical success as an artist, just bullshitting around ya know?
Lol I gotta finish cleaning! then I will
*point
ith cleaning day 😬
file. I have to read through it again. I'll send it when I'm done w
Lol ok. We would talk about the music that is playing and I wanted to mention turn to flames at one pout
Lol its not hard, I'm just having an issue figuring out the header 
A formal hosted by someone in the math club. You met Harry the last time you came up
I have my peer advising shift at 10:30, but I need to be up at 8 :/ I wanted to drink today but I have a 240 lab to finish and 320 to study for
So Whaddya say chief
Make a twitter just to re tweet that
https://twitter.com/dankcharnley/status/640626865237966848
t on my radio show
No you're invited to all that stuff! I told my friends you were coming and they were stoked. Plus I was really hoping you would get a chance to be a gues
😬😬😬🐶
Oh damn, her birthday was 3 days ago
 I hope I'm killing it like that at age 34
I don't blame you. I saw a clip of Beyoncé there, and was basically in bed with myself for the rest of the day
That could work, you have stuff to do Friday?
I have those days off too buddy, let's make it happen
Oh I'm sorry lol
y, abc, or CEOs and corporate hoes.
illage. My radio show has been moved to Saturday from 8-10pm so mc^t will make an appearance? After that will be a party at my house, either a toga part
So a couple of things for this weekend if you're still coming up: on Friday, Harry, the Math club Vice President is having a formal at his house in the v
No way, lol that's awesome dude. You were jamming out to I can't feel my face
I have a bunch of homework to do unfortunately, but I'll let you know -- if I free up a bit, I'll be happy if you come by. :)
Lol it's all good man, I saw Chrissy's snapchat story you were a tank
Trololololololololol have fun with that...

But super glad you had a good time! Gotta have a sexy Weeknd every once in a while...
Go on...
How was Made in America?
Lol, aww Shaina. I'd be nervous to do Tinder here, I wouldn't want everyone I know seeing me for someone reason
Lolololololololol
How was your weekend???

I miss your face too <3 What does "paddling" imply?
Hiiiii Erik
How's it going?
We were talking about reasoning questions people get asked on interviews
Thanks!
other 2?
And how do you solve it again?  You pull from like "both" and if you pull out an orange then you know that's the orange basket, and then just switch the 
noice
Do you remember what the riddle was that they asked you at your Amazon interview?
Verizon Msg: You've used about 90% of your 4GB data (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle will be $15 per 1GB. Or, increase your More Everything data by 2GB for $10 more per month. There's no contract extension. To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing Verizon.

How was yesterday??
Thank u dude. Appreciate it. 
Which shoes 
Oh Kk :) be safe on the road and thanks again for an incredible weekend!
Shit.. Yeah I forgot to give it back :( bad??
Look for the kippah tho Bruh 
Never mind. Found em
Left my headphone buds lol 
If you still are I need to know if you're cool with something
That's awesome dude. Yea coming to Oswego dude
I wanted to see if you were still coming this weekend
Sweet, how was the queen bee?
Few minutes
Few minutes
We're on are way
Mendelsberg
-Barry.
Where do you want to meet dude
Where are we meeting after
How's your battery?
OK cool beans
Let me know where you want to meet afterwards
How's it going bud?
- Barry.
Come to us my sweet son.
Ok we're walking that way
Sure
No we're pretty close o banks
Well, we're at Big Sean
Lol. Ok.
And we have a close view of liberty for banks so I think we're gonna stay
Imma pee becauE I have the bladder of a 10 year old girl
We're kinda just watching the screen by the liberty stage
If you have a good view then stay there
We re in the trees
We're by rocky but pretty far back
We'll be out in 5
We're gonna pee and then meet up?
Ok after this we'll go to your person
Going to rocky
Just got to the entrance
Yeah I'll go with you but I'm going to santigold at 340
What time is that?
Are your friends not being boners this time?
We're starting with saint motel and Halsey
Yo when you going?
Use my invite code, uberhpgrl95, and get a free ride up to $20. Redeem it at https://www.uber.com/invite/uberhpgrl95
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_v._Ferber
well this escalated quickly
Thanks bae you ma #1 ily a lot
do you know cab companies open at 1130? I need to go to the bus station and can't have the long bus ride for the bing buses
She's not even worth your mental clock cycles to think about
Think of it this way. She's getting nowhere 
Eesh
Yah 
What has she stood up for exactly? Being a douchebag?
Went on tinder. Was not disappointed 
Yah boi
Of course. And yeah should be going out to dinner, then obvi throwing a rager and calling all these hoes
Ah ah
Where did the jelly come from you think?
Oh noice
Thank you! How's the festival?
I lolled when the preview of that popped up 
We're home
Now
Yeah I had my
Phone on airplane mode for a while then it died
Hey sorry
On it
Still have battery?
Turn your phone off until after this concert. 
Word. But how will we find you?
What street is it on 
OK so we're pretty much just gonna chill where we are, which is like by the cameras recording the stage
Where is that?
Got it
when are you free on Friday
Good. She's hot af
Kk 
Also, how the hell will I find you?
How's it been so far? 
We're waiting for our uber. 
Fuck yeah
I'll stand and look for you
Also on grass
Laying down
On the grass where we were before
Where are you?
U.S.. Too
They're taking 10 years
Grilled cheese truck
We're going to g easy at like 350 wanna meet there?
Haha we didn't really get food
Come here
Freedom stage
Like the stage with EDM
I think we might get food do you want us to bring you something?
Are you at earl sweatshirt?
Aye. Good luk out there
Aight we're just gonna wait until you get here then
?
How far are you)
Yeah fo sho
Cuz it would suck if we got there and they were like nah
Ours says "print at home this is not a ticket" so we just wanna be safe
We're not sure
We have to go print out tix now anyway haha
No worries
Swag
Yeah you fuck
What?
I don't know that's the discussion me and gabby are making
Gross
And it's sponsored by Budweiser so you know they won't be serving hard liquor
why is my life the hardest life
UGH BUT ERIK I WANNA TAKE SHOTS
Haha we have tequila we're good
Haha our biggest thing is that we want to take shots before bey
Are you tryna bring in alcohol?
When you get here ring the bell for unit 101
Sorry I was washing my face/brushing my teeth etc
No!
Ok 1207 spruce st Philadelphia
Can you be here at 12/12:15
Ok yeah so why don't you come here
Right now we're just getting dressed/putting on make up lol
Ok I gotcha
When are they not coming again?
Are your friends going to the concert today?
Word
Why don't you just take a cab?
The first artist we're going to is the struts I think
And then we can pick a spot and meet up once we're inside
Cab or walk I guess
I don't know if it's worth it
I don't know man it took me a long time yesterday
How many friends are with you?
Not drive haha
40 min walk
No there's like no parking I had so much trouble last night
Ok I think we're like 40 or something
I did!  Thank you Langert
Because I think we're just grabbing cereal or something here and then hopping in a cab
Where are you guys coming from?
Lol we just woke up
Starts at 945
Starts at 945
4th gronk
That's dope
Oh shit man you have your own place'v
Where you living these days
Yeah man!
But way to forget me I see how it is
It's Scott
So we gettin fucked up
Dawg I just found out I'm probably coming to bing to recruit for my company soon
🍷🍸🍻🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Haha ok no worries
We have not thought very far ahead
Literally have no idea haha
Nah I don't think we can tonight
We're still in Baltimore
We're gonna drive up soon
Yoyo
Can I give you money for milk too?
OK I'll head out now
This is a text going out to all members of the Dicks and Butts fantasy football league. Tonight at 9 is the draft. Those who were in the league last season have until 8 to select up to 2 keepers. Those who were not in the league cannot do this. Those keepers will replace your first 2 picks. Any other question just ask me or Erik. 
Sweeet
Wanna text me when you get to your car?
I can bring you a water bottle
Totally dry
But like no snacks
Like I'd love to
We dont really have any snacks
Ok. See you then.
Are you off campus? I am heading off now.
I don't save my convos 
Can you send me that address again 
OK cool thanks bud
You wanna actually just pick me up in front of Broome, I'll rush back after class
OK cool beans
tragedy 
I have to go to class in a few min :(
Justin
I've been in the union since 930 by myself
lol yeah
:(
I'm in class till 1150 you poop 
Astounding 
http://www.campusreform.org/?ID=6769
I immediately regretted sending that because I found something better 
https://www.reddit.com/r/doXcallitY/comments/3jm92r/your_homies_caught_on_fire/
OK so what's the deal homie?
Is no one going home? 
Aww hahah. I'm sorry! You can still do it 
Your Yik Yak verification code is: 2537
I can't :( also I'm going home on Thursday until Tuesday evening lol 
As for your friends, it depends on what they personally do so I can't answer that for ya :P
Same rules as Shabbat 
Rosh Hashana starts Sunday night till Tuesday night  
on the lower part
By Starbucks and the deli
come to the union with me and caro right now
I figured that would be the case 
Lol
What
Although this 830 is pretty brutal rn
Lots of yes's
Yes yes yes and yes
Get some rest you're gonna be hella hungover tomato tow 
Haha aww thank you Erik 
Verizon Msg: You've used about 75% of your 4GB data (cycle ends the 20th). To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing Verizon.
Yas!
Okay
What's the story 
Good
How drunk are you hehe
I just finished all my work bless 
Lmao thank you 
Absolutely
Yes
Lmao
Word we did
Aight we be out in a few
Behind windham?
Okay perfect. How about 10?
What are the chances you can cop us a ride fam?
What time
Yes!
Yassss
Me you Claire nick and possible mike and possibly Connor
Tom and Marty's
Trivia night
I'm finding out right now
I had my gym class today too I wanna die 
Yea I hate it 
😪
I have a project and a lab due tomorrow 
Exhausting 
No kiddo sorry
Lol perfect 
That's good :) what'd you have? 
???
I can come bring you money right now. 
What time is good for you. I don't wanna use my fake anyways. I can just straight up give you the money. 
I got a draft tonight at 10:30. And I'm trying to hit the gym after my haircut and my draft 
I've got a meeting from 6-7 and a barber at 7:30... 
can we go buy alcohol right now?
:)
Word. 
Sent, BTW.
How's it going? 
Okay. A bit better. It's a new day.. 
Bathroom 
Yo. If we're gonna buy alcohol before this concert, we should do it tomorrow evening 
thanks boo
What's the name of that funny shark video on YouTube?
Thank you :( 
Thanks Erik :( 
I'm really not happy to be back 
I was really doing well and happy this last month of summer. And now I'm back and I feel like I've regressed to the first month after the break up and it sucks shit 
Thanks :( 
Sorry  if there were too many he's and hims in that paragraph to differentiate 
/in Hayes 
I'm home 
Because he asked me how things were going so I told him, and he thought I was being ridiculous about the clothes thing and then I mentioned that I saw him talking and laughing to some blonde chick and then he started on saying that I'm upset that he's moved on and I haven't 
E
Surrrrrrrrr
And Fred was trying to convince me earlier that Diddy didn't have a hard time with the break up and that's the real reason I'm upset 
Saw him again at the chabad bbq. Total ignorage on both our ends. I'm in a super shitty mood 
D: 
Slack working now?
Where abouts are you
Mkay leaving the lib now
Also, about your resume, how’d you export it to PDF? Your bullet points are enormous and I want to help fix that before I send it along.
Any specific focus in Software Engineering? Like, do you want to do systems programming, work in frameworks, work on Apple OS X apps (I doubt you’d know them, though)… Knowing what you’re interested in would really help move your resume along. Do you have a specific position in mind?
I can do 515?
So Ruth has a game that Friday afternoon... If I don't pick her up, she won't be able to make it cuz of Shabbat. So I need to go get her. And I'm gonna meet you guys there. 
So I'm not driving with you... 
What's the address of our hotel  
It makes me mad to look at him 
Today he was wearing nicely fitted grey khakis. Tighter pants suddenly don't bother him anymore. Ok 
I just ran into Diddy 
Sure! If you send me your resume I can forward it to my recruiter. What kind of job are you looking to apply for?
Right now I'm doing the ridiculous amount of work I already have 😭
I'll tell you all about her when we get foods
Lmao
How about app?
Shawly
Where abouts?
aight
I'd love to do foods at some point today
Hi.
tmi?
Would've commissioned you for a hilarious gravestone of course 
Luckily I recovered 
Food was pushed back up vertically and into that thing where your lungs connect 
Then I burped 
So I was eating and in the middle of swallowing. So some food was in my mouth, and some was making its way down in various stages
Want to hear something nasty 
It sure is. Enjoy those days while they last! Catch you later dude
I got out early. Where u at 
Alright. Have a great semester. You're You're junior now, right?
Are you back in school now?
There it is! Nice man. Proud of you that you're keeping it up. Yeah making gains feels good. 
I just finished my first week back in da gym in over a year. Ate half a rib roast on sunday lol
Hopefully it was plain fat free Greek yogurt. Otherwise, still a solid meal. I like your thinking.
ĢAINS
Well done son
Oh yeah that's it
Also how was blitsd today? 
Did you not learn in any of your classes? 
Lol syllabus week doesn't exist!!! I had real class today 
Maybe not tonight but more likely on Wednesday 
Well I'm sure you'll get someone 
Lol oops 
Literally no one will go with you?
Sorry kiddo
Haha no I also have 8:30 on Thursdays 
Yeah lmao I have class 8:30 tomorrow haha
Not tonight homie 
I can't, I have class 3:30 to 4:30
Engineering bulk sing
I was almost there :l
Merp
😣
Ten min ago but I have a lab meeting now and then a psi chi meeting  
Oh Geez 
Hahahah 
😛
I know, too many boys to follow 
My ex
Lol no 
In my class!!
Gahhh Erik this is the worst why is he here :( 
I have class now :( 
Okey dokes 👍🏼
Okay
Any advice for troubleshooting an Xbox/Bugaming issue? I'm not sure if I should stop by and embarrass myself, or just tell him to use an Ethernet
Shhhh 👋🏻
Stop he's my best friend
Erik!!! Being an adult is going well ! I miss bing a bit tho :( how have you been/ how was your internship?!
Cool
Excellent
Okay. Lol, I like how you can sense my stress. Thanks Erik :)
 got scheduled 10:30-1...😔
Peer advising also throws off my 10-11 help desk hour on Tuesday, I
Where's there road to get
To the apartments 
tay til 3:15 though to make the shift shorter
Ughhh, I messed up when I made my peer advising doodle. Would you have any interest in switching shifts Thursday? I'm supposed to be on 2:45-5, I could s
do you plan on going to cornell?
Great thanks. 
2014978077 is a landline #. Reply Y to send all TXT messages to this # as voice messages for 0.25/msg. + std msg fee. Details @ vtext.com, TexttoLandline
Sorry!
Sorry, I thought you were coming up here... 😁
Chris and I are hanging out in the apartment if you want to come up! Sorry!!!
How long are you planning to stay on campus? You still gonna be here in ~30-40 minutes?
just hangin out, heading back to my apartment soon

You?
I don't know his life, but yeah I'd assume he'd be practicing then
I meant Friday 2-3 😬
Yeah I'm trying to figure that out now, I was drawing diagrams - umm I guess I'll take Tuesday 10-11, and Friday 1-2
Annika's bae
Okiedokie I'll come by when this is over :) 
Schedule said 3:30 but I'm not sure when they'll actually let us out 
Oh yea get it
Haha
I'm on campus now for tour guide training 
What kind of lifting schedule did Laura give you
We did! And Shaina left us chocolate covered gummy bears, they're actually not bad
You're a madman
TOMS
Nowish
Come to venue
??
Dt-ish?
What?
Where you at?
Nigggggggg
Ooooooooooooooooooooh
Po + ρgh + 1/2ρv^2 = constant
do I still know it.
I'm so excited. Thank you for acknowledging it hahaha
I just found out an entire class here is dedicated to bernoulli and you're the only one I know who would appreciate this lol
Haha okay okay you're right. Keep me posted! The plan was bars but we're all still in our building so idk lol 
😩😩😩
I'm leaving my room
It's happening. 
We'll explain at some point
She's one of Jenn's apartment mates
And idk if it would seem bootycally. You could just send her a text and see what her plans are and be like "maybe we'll bump into each other" and then totally bump into her on purpose but pretend it isn't. :P 
Haha he is cool! I just hope he didn't think I was ignoring him or whatever, it's weird to explain the Shabbat thing sometimes... 
Do it
Now
Legit
I cannot emphasize enough how far right you should be swiping right now
SWIPE RIGHT THIS CAN BE SO FUNNY!!!!
Austin asked if I was going dt last night but obviously my phone was off so I didn't see it until today..... lol I felt bad
Unless you wanna try to meet up with her dt 😏
Haha no! Danielle
Any update??
Hihihhi 
Word dude 
Alrighty 
Whats up 
I'm going to my friend mikes frat then bars
Might be able to take the last half hour
I've got midi haha
One sec!
Yiiiiisssss
Just don't spill anymore coffee
Yeah sure, sorry I was in the shower
I would email the peers and ask if anyone can cover once I send it out I'm just waiting on Sharon's approval
Yea that's fine you just need to have someone cover your shift
So you can't work Friday's?
#explainlikeim5
Dude you are literally not making sense hahaha
Okay so no Friday's at all?
Can it be 315 or does it need to be 330?
Wasn't there for Friday but I can give you Friday 315 to 5 too. I'd give you Monday too but Ryan m has that as his only shift
Maybe 
Chillin
I don't even know what that first sentence means
Was that in your availability?
I'm going to one of the XC houses for a little while, then I might try to head dt if I'm not pooped - hbu?
What're you doing tn?
I've got you for an hour and a half a week
Damn why cause of rescon?
Aw you're cute 
Lol she chopped my head off
I don't have you working any morning shifts but if you want more then like an hour or 2 or work per week I need more availability from you
Stop being creepy
Ok np
Hi Erik, i can switch to thursday 12 to 1if that works?
Coming  
Kk
Are you gonna pick me up before nick?
Or whenever I'm just wrapping my ankle now 
I should be good to go in like 15 mins is that good?
I need to try to shower first let's see if I can stand up
Haha so can u pick me up before you go 
I might have sprained my ankle last night so I can barely walk lol
When are you goin g
Yay
Would you be able to drive 
Julia needs me to buy her liquor 
What are you up to
Thank you!
I'm comin
Where ru
Fak
Oh my god, I just got back to my room thank you sooo much Erik, I really needed that - I bombed my time trials this morning, your timing is perfect
yeah come in while I do my hair and stuff
Lol 
wait when can you come by? I'm gonna go eat now and then I have a campus tour thing at 1
yeah I'm here now till 12 I think. I just gotta get changed and stuff
Oh boy, lol - I'm at practice atm, sorry I missed you!
Coming
Towards outside
Corn up to right side
Come to dills
Hi
ok
tau alpha epsilon
no
I gotta shower cu so much paint
I'm leaving in 15 tho
tau
haha yeah
you da best
thanks 
 yesss
First and foremost 
I love you
Dudeee
You and your bros hitting alpha sig and then the rat
Classic
Prepare for sylly week
You should go out yo
How was your party last night lol
You?
I'm going to track party I think 
Must feel good
How's it feel to have all your friends back
I've violated that before
Where do I put my hands
Isn't that fucked up
I'm 6 years older than them
As you should
You
Lame things. 
Did Laura kick your ass
Sup E. How was your lift
Will do
Nahh
Chillin
Al Arbour died today. They should erect a statue of him.
I was looking in some scholar magazine they gave us and itai had written something and I was like lol
Haha thank you Erik! :) 
I can't Saturday remember!! Lol. But text me tomorrow night and I will be all the emotional guardian you need!!
Sounds good!
Ah, you have let still my beating heart.
My parents decided they'd go home. :( So no dinner with them.
Unpacking in my apartment (Nyack 204) is the current status -- you?
I know Erik, hold it together 
Oh man I'm not gonna be around by then :( I have to head back and take care of apartment stuff 
good! my advisor Wayne jones seemed pretty cool and I got free food so I was happy
I do! I'm heading to campus now to take care of calls and I'm gonna want coffee after 
Okay
Are people doing walk arounds today?
I'm actually not on campus yet, I was planning on going soon lol. I felt like there was no need for me to be there 
ugh I'm here now and you're not you butt
I was at the scholars brunch! are you still there
Sounds good! Well, shoot me a text when you're done and I'll let you know what we're up to. 👍🏼
Can do, can do
We'll be coming up to Hillside and checking in soon! Where u at
Hi bud! Currently < 10 miles away from Bing
Should've texted first, trying to avoid crazy ra
Got it. 
I'm in bed
Somewhat
You beat me to it! I'll see you at 2pm :)
Brooke first floor
I'll be there in 10
Walkin the ramp
Going to bed 
Yes!
No lol sorry 
YES PLEASE 
Heheh miss you❤️
When you DIDNT make me your prof pic
4th of July
We do have pictures you uggo
Thanks Erik!! Your gin bucket was amazing! 
Nah bars are closed. Going to bed 
Yes! :) 
Drunk 
Sup Senk Erik 
Word up
Oh please
Even tomorrow?
So what I'm thinking is buffet star tm???
Alejandra just told me it's her friends birthday and she can't come 
Lol ok. Oh Geez 
Well it's me Jordan and John so you should get Alana to come 
Hahaha 
Were on the way 
Here
Text Alana and Lynda and Austin 
Get your rescons to come 
Who's there? 
Were trying to get a cab 
Hahahaha 
Well were cabbing so I suppose it depends when the cab can get us haha 
Okay, we actually had to walk all the way to mountainview from Newing so we'll be there at like 9:45
Me Tim and Ivan should be there around 9:30
😿
Aw thank you, I think I'm being very responsible too
This is going to be my struggle from now on
d I need to be up at 6am...😔
I want to come so bad but I literally just got back to Hillside, an
When do you want us to come? 
Plz txt me Tims cell num. Thx.
Hey how sketchy is your area?
Dollar treeeeeee. Or Walmart. 
FWD: Hey I'm sorry I've been super busy with work today. Here is the ingredient list

A pineapple
2 oranges, grapefruit
3 lemons, limes
Small jar of manisheiro cherries
Some kiwis
Some strawberrys
A bottle of mountain dew 2L
A bottle of mountain dew code red 2L
ICE

Slice all the fruit into thin slices. Citrus just leave as rings. Fill your bucket w the sliced fruit (WASH THE DAMN BUCKET LOL) and add the gin. Soak for at least an hour, add ice and mountain dew  
I don't have the supplies unfortunately. I sent the whole recipie to Kathy though!
(631) 335-1647
Hahaha
Were you in touch with Anthony about gin bucket? 
MD says CT clear. Neck brace off. He can go home.
A little soreness now but only 1 Out of 10.
Just a reminder of the confidentiality agreement everyone had to sign
No pain. No blood. CT SCAN now. Student affairs stopped and got an accurate descrip of the ResCon program from Tim.
haha I'm walking around right now but I'll be there in 5 min
sorry what's up?
I know
He's an amazing dog
How's Julia
Hahahahahaha

Jenn and I are planning to drive up early morning (I.e. leave at 8:00, arrive at around 10:00). We'll be moving Jenn in first and then when my parents arrive with my stuff we'll move me in.

My parents will want to go to dinner so I'll let you know when we figure that out/I'm sure you'll be tagging along all day so we'll talk then. :) <3
Prob between 9-1030
But, really looking forward to seeing you tomorrow!!! 😄
🐕🐕🐕🐕i wish🐕🐕🐕🐕😭
Tomorrow and then I want you to rub my face?

When are you leaving? If you're coming up early tomorrow, we can wait here at Jenn's and you can come meet Jax... ;)
I like the red shirt 
later of course. Lauren is sleeping there and they can bring it to me in the morning 
okie-maybe drop the stuff off at Carolyn's? 
here!
if that's the case, it's ok. my parents can always stop by your apartment or something? and I should be there in 10 min I think
Like ASAP come sign it
Also you need to come do your time sheet before noon
Okay it's fine I'll see if someone else available wants to work and for the week schedule change it as soon as you can on scheduleonce
Oh boy 
okie! you're the best!!
no not yet :(
10:40 I think
I'm sorry I fell asleep!
I'm not feeling well so I was asleep well before 1
Yo lol
😄
Lol. Okay I'm heading to sleep. Gn :) 
Meh 
Oh nevermind. Well then redshift is annoying 
That's the thing screwing with your display isn't it? 
Your twilight thing is mega annoying 
Obviously 
Just gotta be careful about it that's all 
SRC + ResCon :P 
I mean, it's been done 
Hahah 
? 
What'd he say 
Because I got it right when I hung up. Fred was telling me about an old ResCons wedding lol
No I think it was because I was on the phone 
I just got this 
Lmfaoo 
This isn't funny 
I won't 
No 
I'm not crying for help I'm just fucking pissed 
No it's not.
That'd be awkward af tho
This app is genius 
Does it show that you swiped right in her notifications?
So right means would bang?
Send it on messenger 
I don't know tinder lingo lol
Lmao
You tryna bang?
Boner
Resend 
No?
About?
Erik
but yeah I just zoomed in a lot and it looked trippy so I sent it to everyone
lol
my fan 😂
Aww shucks ;P
I was dying 
Hahahah
I KNOW 
Of you? Hahaha 
Lol you're awful :p
Yessss!!!
lol I'll tell mom and I'll let ya knowwww
so when do you have work
and mom wanted to take you and caro out to lunch
930 is the anticipated time 
It's definitely lahmo 
Ya 
Tomorrow?
I was getting ready I didn't see my phone 
Aww I'm sorry kiddo
I'll text you when we leave for the bars 
I think so 
Unless it's Jay 
No I have no idea who that is 
Hahaha 
Lol no
That trivia was rather disappointing
Not dead :p
Ya I'm back 
It'll be a while I'm just getting in the shower now lol
Okay!
Head over now I guess??? 
Ahhhh! 
Wait apparently trivia starts at 9???? 
!!! 
Ahh ok lol. Thank you 
I don't know D: I feel bad 
Def going out, not sure when or where my apartment is a huge mess because we're still unpacking lol
Wait do you actually live right by the bars? I feel like it makes 0 sense for you to come get me lol
Hopefully yo
Julia doesn't move in til tomorrow 
No
Damn, okay
😬
Wait, so volleyball and scavenger hunt don't count?
Should I also be at graduation? Are they handing out new shirts?
Do volleyball and the scavenger hunt count, or nah?
Yea it would be with myself and or Lokesh
Cool I have you for 11 - 12:15 tomorrow btw too just waiting for approval from Sharon
Or tomorrow morning?
Can you come in to fill out your time sheet today
Yes!!
Thank you homie 
😀
Yes 
Got it
Computers are hard 
I wish I was Amish
Should we include info on our ResCon posters about the ITS desk as well?
What does this meannnnb
I'm gonna have to fill my cart all over again
Yes it's still loading 😓
Lol no this is not funny this is a very serious issue!!
I think someone's trying to stop me from online shopping
For like 2 hours lol 
My computer is being stupid 
I need help 
Erikkkkk
Yea so there's a little blast from the past
She lived across the hall from Thirhse 
Jew 
Here
I do
Balls
Hahaha alright sounds good
Alright word I'll meet you there
Did you solve your problems 
Oh okay I thought you wanted me to pick you up
Where should I drive?
calling is going to suck but it might be the only way
i don’t know honey
:(
nope we never had problems setting up the modem.  are you sure your house is wired up
Time warner is the only service around
Hi Erik
I'm passing admissions 
I'll be there in 2 min 
Noooo haha 
Yeah it stops right outside my building, thank you so much tho :D 
Ooh okay. It's fine I thought you were off campus. I'll take the bus :) 
Hi, when are you heading to campus? 
Want me too? 
#shreked
lel get rekt
Also she probably doesn't care
Didn't get to look yet
Mac tickets are available now 
I is good Erik 
Hi Erik!
Sure thing. Have a nice night.
Ok, I have you down for 2pm this Friday, the 28th. Since it's an intro session as a new member it's just $25. Plan on it taking about 75 minutes :) 
Sorry about taking so long to reply. How about Friday afternoon any time 2-5?
Okay thanks!
When did you say the scavenger hunt is? Tonight?
thx
say it with meaninggggggggggggg
i miss you
Sure! How would this Wednesday at 6:30 work for you?
Sounds good
Nvm you're at res con
Were in the commons btw
Yeah yeah come thru!
Will-do. I'll also talk to him tonight in mountain view
Yes but I haven't heard back. Sharon told me all the way when I applied that it'd be fine
I have a scheduling conflict between Peer Advising and ResCon. You are both too, right? How can I go to both trainings?
...now I feel inadequate
Also, what is that chart for? Bench press?
got back - damn, thank you so much, you didn't have to do that! 😄
Ack sorry, I left my phone behind when I went to the track, I just 
I want you here too :(
Sounds good:) love you 
Let me know how it goes
Nice. Good luck
I have family up at the house that I have to go see...
Prolly won't be here too much longer 
We just payed the check 
But probably not
Still at Applebee's drinking 
Res con training soon right?
Was going to invite you
I was having a party at my house
Totally forgot to answer this
Whoops
Lmfao
I'll keep you posted 
Sounds good homie 
Lol idk what's going on yet. I'm at Applebee's currently lol
     What's up??
 My hero, thank you!
Sincerely never got that email, I'm not sure what happened...where are we meeting and when?
When did that email about the informal meeting come in? I can't find it
Okey dokes, Hempstead 203
Not at all, come through! Will you be by soonish, or later? I might run first, depending
Yeah for sure I'll see you then
Haha yessir! What time works for you to come by? I'll be here tonight and most of tomorrow 
Nice, did they reduce it for you?
What are your plans for the evening
Erik
Mhmm okay. How did your ticket situation go?
I drove the highway, in proud of myself
Yes sir
Also, my car isn't registered yet...am I going to get ticketed?
They just rolled out, my Dads adamant about getting back before dark :/ my mom and grandma came too, it was the whole clan
But I was about to ask you the same thing, I just came down this afternoon. You here too?
I'm not coming back up anywhere
Haha well I hope you had a good time at least with your friends. That new gym sounds dope
How was The pose down?
That... sounds like it could be somewhat plausible. I can imagine Vaidy in his sneakers, walking into class with that shirt with a dog in sunglasses labeled "Cool Dog" or something like that. And I'd be hard pressed to believe Vaidy actually takes off the wax paper in real life. He seems like the ketchup-stained, cold-coffee drinking person who thinks "Who has time for that? There is just no time. There are just so many examples..."
Monahans in like 35 min
No we're leaving soon
Idk we're at the mall right now
You weren't even wasted yesterday. You suck
Why can't we poop Saturdayyyyy
Yeah you failed me. You were supposed to protect me
I got super trashed and puked my brains out this morning. Idk if I'm drinking
Ok that's great.  Talk to u then.   👌
Oh ok, thanks anyway, at least now I know what I'm looking for! I've been looking up the wrong things to do that then! Thanks erik!
Going out to dinner.  Can you call me tomorrow.  We have to be in the office at 1 tomorrow so anytime before that or tomorrow night.  Love u 
If we fucking wanted you to come then you would know the goddamn time you half-used vagisil wipe
You're never coming back you crusty tampon 
Well thanks for saying hi you douchefuck
You Booger sucking, Cheetos finger licking butthole
You dumb dumb
Come get it were here
lol kk
yes please!! 
would you perchance be coming home the weekend of September 11th? 
Hi!!!
can connect my phone to it as WiFi, I've been trying to figure it out but I figured you might know
Hey, computer question, do you know how I would make my computer like a modem or router? I'm connected to ether net but I want to share the network so I 
Uh maybe if my parents go to bed 
Like half an hour? 
Definitely maybe
Idk lol prob like 20-30
I'm in Binghamton lol bro
But a bit of both we gonna get fucked up 
She just texted me the same thing verbatim 
Lmao are you with Chrissy? 
We're going to drink. Excessively. 
🍺🍺🍺
I'm having people over to drink cause it's my last day 
Haha I was in the shower and tommy was mowing the lawn .. The pineapple was a good clue 
Are you coming tonight? 
Just got your pineapple 
Did you just come over lol
Yes sir
Sure
Yeah I'm down
Haha yea you can. I think they ask if you've been referenced when you sign up 
uys came by
Yea I'm good man, I just feel super awful that I didn't really spend much time with anyone this summer because of work and shit. So I'm really glad you g
Are you playing a real game, or do you just mean you're chilling?
Take a walk, by passion pit
Dancing like a loser in my room and trying to do clap push-ups
Whatcha up to?
I already got garlic, you weren't fast enough
Quick, roasted garlic hummus or red pepper?
Ok I'll meet you in front of Emily's at like 7:30?
OMG ERIK
OMG don't leave it like that. Does she live close?? Do you wanna egg her house
I can just drive to cp!! I'll park my car in front of Emily's and then we can go together!
Hahah and okie yay!!
I'm very protective over you
The Danielle girl?? Was it like bitchy and last minute?? Because I'll beat a girl
Still hungry? 
No worries lol 
Hi I'm eating linner with my ma. What about you
Tbell? 
It's Nyirjesy
Yeah
My roommate?
Gabby who?
Came out great <3
Verizon Msg: You've used about 90% of your 4GB data (cycle ends the 20th). Overage data for this cycle will be $15 per 1GB. Or, increase your More Everything data by 2GB for $10 more per month. There's no contract extension. To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing Verizon.

Yes yes 
I suck 
I'm sorry I just saw this idk why
Omg 
Hahah 
Slight make out sesh obvs 
Then I went home 
Well he watched me stretch on the track 
Lmaov
As usual 
Lmao it was great
Lmao ily 
Carolyn is laying on her bed with Joni 
^ pun intended 
And glad I saw you even though I was running around
Also miss u 
Thanks for wallet 
Like a lot 
Love u 
Alright lol
Wait jk he's like here lmao 
Lmao come to the track for a bit.. Mike might be coming though 
Dhaaaaa
Lol cool let me know
Come over, they just left. We have your boat shoes
I AM SORRY ERIK I WAS EATING DINNER WITH JENN AND THE FOOD WAS BECKONING

Yep and yes -- we'll be driving up together and my parents will likely come up the same day. We kept a lot of stuff in Bing in storage over the summer, so we'll pull stuff out of there then.
Eating then showering,  anything going on
I've got family over right now
*yo
To
Sorry it just happened
Just finished playing soccer at the school
<3

That's great. :) Can't wait to see you! We'll be back up likely next Friday. You?
Yes, yes it is. :)
Idk I haven't seen him
Working till like 10ish
(I will pay you $15 to make this app. I love it.)
This is not one of those moments. You're fired.
Erik, throughout my life, I have had a few rare brushes with true genius. Though, few and far between, they have been moments of true inspiration, and I have been floored with the brilliance of truly astounding individuals.
Yo
Don't be weird 
Be hot 
Proud of u 
Yeah that sounds good 
Let me know how it goes 
What do you have to lose 
I say go for it 
Which isn't necessarily bad but like if that's what you want 
If you do dinner it's more like a date 
But alas
If you had a vagina in addition to or in place of your current equipment you would be
I have dinner plans slut
;(
What time do u want to be back?
Between 11-12.
Uhh gym
I'm be in outdoors
Come in 30 min
Yeah going on break now
Ewwwww you blowww, I may not see you because I'm going to bayside tonight, Saturday I was gonna have some people over and a keg I woulda said to come then stay over night for Sunday, all good tho I feel us 
Are u gonna be around Saturday/ plan on coming out Sunday? 
Yoo son 
Verizon Msg: You've used about 75% of your 4GB data (cycle ends the 20th). To learn more about new data pricing visit go.vzw.com/verizonplan Thank you for choosing Verizon.
Lol that's amazing. I expect a photo or video report 
Gucci
Be there In ten
Yup. Were gonna pick you up a sausage egg and cheese from raceway. Do you want something else
Wassup
Yes please!!!! Good luck! Have fun!!!
Like does she like it? 
Why sorority 
Like what she does
I like Starbucks. And just like talk about everyday life 
HI SORRY. I forgot 
Like hang in the one in the westbury galeria and then go to CPK 
Cause then maybe go to like CPK after 
Okie so starbs is good, what time? Is it around lunch or dinner 
Like does she think it's a date 
Yes to Starbucks!!!! But wait is this a date? 
Yes yes! What's up? 
YAYAYYAY
Lol no. Omg Erik you won't believe how old it is 
Also I have old computer. Mom wants to know if you want them 
sorry lol
COME 
Yahhh my college friends are over 
I was so sad when I say you on snapchat with everyone 
I MISS YOU. omg I need to see you 
But how
Not sure yet
Tonight
Yeah I  called chrissy
Do you wanna smoke with me and Lucas tonight? 
No
Yea
I went to the beach
 I didn't go
Hahaha, yes as I'm being sold into slavery I will remember you hahaha
I've never had a text sent with so much love, I'll cherish this always
Haha greens it's this certain dish where they like boil all this stuff and mix it with jank
http://youtu.be/f3R32Epa-2I
also, ate dinner with lucas lauren and lee. Lee is super horny for Greens. Otherwise fairly uneventful 
Aight thx
ill just go with my brother and we can make plans another time
im hungry 
no
fucker
noon?
want to go soon
fuck yea
sup big dawg
Hey babe, hope your drive home was good, just a poke to remind you to email me the pics ;)
Why is your phone off
Are you kidding me Erik
Are you kidding me Erik
I love you
I just puked
Don't withhold information from me you slut
I WANMA KNOQ
Or like noon. Calm your boobs
Like 10
You can come shopping
Ily
I'm going to Syracuse Monday-Wednesday
I'm having wine with Chrissy at my house right now
Are you home yet
I'm going shopping with Chrissy and her German relative tomorrow
Ok talk to u over the weekend
Are u back in LI
I'm here
O. Where you at
Your not a cvs right?
Gucci
Sweet I'm on the way
You got it chief
Yussss!!! Take your time. Tell me when your ready and I'll come get you
Bitchin.
You hurt my heart
Bottom line
That means you're still not home
So....
Are you home ya fuck??
passive aggressive dumbass
have a good trip. this was good
Yo okay. I'm in the mountains haha
Lee said he's gonna be around at 6. Are you set on leaving tonight or no
UM HELLO
It's gonna be a fun night
Awesome Ill wait for you.
Absolutely
I get out of work at 630
I think around 8 or 9
Who are you?   OK I will stop by your room
Jeff DeLutis

3
8 Brazilians including Isadora. It's the costas and 3 in laws that are visiting from Brazil that don't speak English. Well probably leave for grandmas around 11.
Ok. Helen is having a dinner party for a bunch of women on Saturday. Only bring up what u need and unpack the rest after the party. Do u think u can go the grandmas on sat afternoon?
Do u know what time?
I'm working till 10:30pm anyways
Lol I didn't hear about this?
https://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerk/comments/3gux83/im_here_to_kill_isis_and_smoke_marijuana_and_im/
ug
hmm
ahhh just got it like two days ago :/
can you email me the other photos for good measure?
Okey donkey
Ah
I'd be willing to go, won't be a bitch
Link about dinner just so I know what I'm doing 
Let's just postpone until we are all in Binghamton
Erik
Bitchin
Probably around 8 9
And possibly Saturday too. My cousin is in town from Colorado and that's all she wants to do
Also planning a trip to montauk on Monday or Tuesday
The only reason I'm going
Yes he will be
Sorry it was a mistake
Hey chief. Sarah Obrien is throwing down tomorrow if you want to make an appearance with us
And when did you lose the iPhone?
Will I be denied lol
Lmao ok
Ight where can I get the link
So are there any hackathons going on before school?
Oh yeah that's fantastic.   That's awesome
How did it go today
You should come visit us while we're abroad. I miss you, we need to play
Yup. Want me to drive?
Yes exactly. And id hate to see it end with puking Indian food on the floor
Chest day
you know what tomorrow is
ILL GET BACK TO YOU
What time is right after work?
You took a tone
If you don't want to then we don't have to
What do you mean I guess so fucker
We can slap each other's cacs around over a job well done
Would you guys be interested in dinner tomorrow?
You'd be in jail
So yea
You guys both had impressive results
Good luck on your presentation today 
See if you can find my two favorite quotes from this latest Chef John video: http://youtu.be/5KMVsL0uqBE :P
That's kinda a relief. And glad you feel that way 
Excellent
Kk. Il send mine in a bit 
Wanna just swap ppts
I'm happy that happened.
What? Who did he fight with?
and on
and on
which sucks because now days drag on and on and on
since I’ve presented i haven’t been able to do any work
yes. ill bring big dawg james
and if thats true RIS 2 must be nearby
i think the room I presented in was RIS 1
WELL ILL BE THERE
Where is RIS 2
Who says that
Absolutely Adam!
I'm ready to lose my shit, we're in like 4th 
Missing you
Omg perfect 
I MISS YOU SO MUCH. And thank you for the birthday wishes! CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU
They've been okay...I feel like I have a thousand things to do before I go back though, little stressed. When's your last day?
sually had people come in and sign a plea affidavit
Pretty much. Say you have a clean record, you'll be out of town and won't be able to make the hearing, would it be possible to get this reduced? My Dad u
the guys not a jerk
It might not work, but my Dad was the prosecutor for in Eden for a few years and people called in to get parking tickets reduced all the time. Hopefully 
 to a parking ticket. Apparently that usually works, but since my Dad doesn't know what the people in Oneida are like he's not sure.
Hmm, well my Dad said you should call the clerk of the court, get the prosecutors name, and call the prosecutor and ask him/her if you can reduce if down
Look for the VTL, should be in the middle of the summons on the left-hand side
He said it would be 1200-something
I just caught up with my Dad, he was wondering what the ticket number is?
What did you do he says
Oh wow good luck to you, and let me ask him
I know, and we'll be packing. How are things going with you. And what legal advice, everything ok?
Alright I guess, my internship ends Sunday and I go to school the 20th the summer went too quick
Hey, it was alright. Kind of lacking crowd wise but it was still good
Hi Erik
Ok will do. Luv u
Ok is it a good time to call
How ya doin?
😬
Hmm, I just got home but I'll ask him tomorrow. Personally, I would sincerely consider rescheduling and not getting the points on your license
Why, who'd you kill?
Only if you start replying to my texts...
A souvenir
Food
Good
God
Oh shit he did it
Omg buy me things
You're. Poop
I'll try my best
I like how you threw kittens in the middle
Stop you understand me
Actually maybe no,  she is going to cali today and had pre season soon
Come to beer plumping
No come back j mid you
In the city whit my big
I'm drunk
Come gone u dick
Hi
On my way to ithaca now actually 
I was last night 
Lol I just woke up 
GEICO Policy: Your payment of $112.37 for policy ending in 7488 will be billed to the credit/debit card ending in 6131 on 08/13. Reply STOP to end texts.
Shes studying to be pa, shes gonna be a sophomore
She's a volleyball player at nyit
I believe so. And thanks buddy.
Hey it's James, mind if I tag along with you to Joey's?
good
So I'll be near you
We are trying to get James to hang out with us tonight and the best we've got is hanging out at his place 
Dad
re what's going to happen next so let's back them up."
😂😂😂 Okay 
sually arranged from A-Z? Well now they're from Z-A, and I'm not su
ipped on me."
Me: "Huh?"
My Dad: "The files, you know how they're u
 What makes you think you're about to lose them?" 
My Dad: "They fl
 Tomorrow. I'm afraid they'll be erased if we don't"
Me: "Ok, sure.
My Dad: "Amanda, we need to back up my files on the house computer.
Sure. Ready?
yeah will do 
Also lets do take out and eat outside yolo
Yeah gonna go running anyway
Yes 100%. How about carribean 
SOMEONE FOUND IT
YES
Lel

Anyway, always glad to help!
Hi bud! Sent you back an email and made some comments and small changes. Take a look when you get the chance. :)
Okay, cool. I'll take a look tonight!
I'll take a look when I get home. Currently eating dinner and then leaving work. (y)
Is it urgent at all?
Sounds good!
Of course!
Your packaged arrived.
how i live a minimalist lifestyle
http://the-toast.net/2015/02/24/get-rid-clutter-live-abundantly/
Sir I think we match today
Anytime
But they have them at bed bath and beyond too
It's a memory foam one mom says she thinks it's from costco
I will ask my mom 
Lol sorry I just saw this 
I like black books
Bc we are planning a lot of changes I think it would be easier
Can you make me commissioner
Do you know your NYSEg acct #? If not call mark , I bet he could turn it on.
I will lose
Yea!!! 
Because Emily and Lydia will be gone by the time you get back 
Well when do you wanna do this 
Sure we can do that lol
Lol no we never had one of those 
Yeah we swept the nationals and everyone can suck our big juicy dick's
Just read my comparison, spot on
Wow that's sweet
I think that would be hilarious
What if we all went as Avril Lavine?
ril Lavine
Potential costumes for Canada: maple syrup, hockey player, free health care form, robin sparkles, Mountie, Justin bieber, Michael buble , Alan thicke, Av
We're trying to think of funny costumes
Our team is kinda vibing  with Canada
Can I pick your brain?
It was just so spot on
#true
I was gonna comment but decided I would rather send you a personal message
And I was like this is so funny
Like I saw it and I kinda rolled my eyes but then I read it
I'm seriously not
Your Facebook post with nba players had me dying
I LITERALLY CANT EVEN RIGHT NOW
Im dying
Omg
That was literally so funny
I'll take u out
I need those haha
Patrick Ewing will feel that something is very wrong. Almost as if he's being paired with Stephen Marbury
U son of a bitch
Lmao okie I'll put you in so you can vicariously be there 😀
Yo yo yo
also lol good job u-tub
*I’ve already seen pretty much every Food Wishes video. I love Chef John
lol don’t you worry, I’
Ok send me the instructions to pay online
How much is it
Great
Umm guys who can cook don't really do anything for me. But a lot of girls like that
Ok. I'll look tonite in my recipe book
I can send u some recipes
That is a capital idea
Yeah, is it coming today? Tell her she can buzz him in but don't open the door to the apt.
Ok- they have trouble delivering here because the front door is locked.
And yeah she said she didn't mind lol I found a 50 foot one on Amazon for 5 bucks 
You're so sweet
Yea somewhere around there
Uk where the shit goes after we flush it?
Yea not that..
You know that thing in the bathroom with the spinning water that we shit in?
Yea u would
Yea u would
Lol throw back to 5th grade
Wait they still make those
Yah sweep the nats
What's the score of the met game. Just left work
The amount of drunk we will be is going to be insane
Hahah that's awesome. And u come home soon right
I might just join in
Lol that sounds like a great game
He's been losing it all year over the crappy met defense/base running/ funnies.
Lol idk I'm just saying
Lol she's 19? But she got s man
My family friend what's up??
Wat 
what

Tell me more
:$
it’s an image i somehow successfully avoided fully imagining while writing that text and it better stay that way
i’m a stripper cop does that count
I will gladly partake in this
Also, it definitely seemed at first glance that you’re looking to trade dope
(y)
I want you to do that this semester and I’d like to watch
lololol i want 2 see this
^ that 100%
so
Yeah, I avoid r/circlejerk and HH circleterk like the plague
Ah, got it
What was it a reference to?
Yeah, sorry
what
Google in general is teh suck
Fair enough
I wasn't wrong...
Carrots are okay, but broccoli tastes better
Broccoli?
Rude
Give them a shot, they’re both great, entertaining, and probably a bit more applicable to every-day life than Gordon Ramsey.
Yeah, going out to eat is always the problem - we do it too often… :(
Nice! You should subscribe to Food Wishes on YouTube, and Chef Tips, both great cooking videos chock full of bad puns and dad jokes. They’re great channels, and I’ve been watching them for years now. It’s where I’ve learned most of my recipes. Food Wishes is the more professional channel, and Chef John (the guy who runs it) is fantastic.
I don’t do it well enough, but I try to when I can
Eating healthy is generally not a terrible idea either
Hey, sounds like a good idea. Hummus + veggies is a great snack
Are you grocery shopping? :P
Basically, any cracker, and any dipping vegetable will do
Also, carrots and bell peppers
Potentially, multigrain pita chips (my favorite choice).
Sorry again, crazy work weekend :/ but that's awesome! Do I get to hear what your dope idea is?
Lol, no
I'm getting exactly what I paid for and what it says on the tin
lol I like the file name
ty ty :)
If you’re interested in this stuff in general, you should take Advanced OOP (I’m taking it next semester, but take it when you fulfill the prereqs)
Sure, I’ll take it. :) Just curious about what’s in there.
lol <3
Cool -- send me a link to that?
It would inherit the one from its parent, since that method overrides the one from the grandparent.
Out of curiosity, what brought this to your interest?
Most languages only have single-inheritance, to avoid this very problem. D would only be able to inherit from B _or_ C, but not both.
That’s what the diamond problem is, but in cases where there are no conflicts, yes, D will inherit all the methods from A, B, and C.
Yes. The issue is what if classes B and C have different methods that have the same name -- which one does D inherit?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiple_inheritance#The_diamond_problem
I can make a class D which inherits from two classes B and C which both inherit from A.
C++ does, though.
Anyway, very few languages have the diamond inheritance pattern like in your second text.
No, your terminology is 100% correct for C++, but it doesn’t apply for other languages.
In all OOP languages, the first thing is true (C inherits all methods from B, which inherits all methods from A).
Are you talking about C++ specifically, or in general?
Sure, what's up?
I have some time to talk now if you can.
She's not in my LinkedIn.  Damn
Yea
Yes
Yah
Yo why u no awake
And awh that's adorable, she seems pretty cool. Did you guys pick a project or something to work on when we get back to school?
So many ones
 to?
ion...did she text you the other night, when she said she was going
Sorry, just got off work 😬 Lol, Jinju. I mean that's always an opt
Sweet. talk soon then 
otherwise, I'll txt you when I can chat sometime early this week if that's cool. 
I will try. Michelle's fam is visiting this weekend and I might not be able to find time tomorrow, but would love to talk. I'll certainly call if I can, 
Lol he walked out 
 it asap
 it asap
I would love to make some soon. I just moved into a new apt and started a nrw fulltime job, so the studio is down until maybe mid august. But I'll get to
Lol oh yeah?
"It doesn't suck" -Ed 
Check your snapchat 
We showed dad your song 
Erik
I wanna see that
They'll never see it coming
Are you gonna wear solid blue or red?
Don't get stabbed
What did she say?
oh
:(
do they call you big papa
Sweet
ah, so your version of making babies
😁
But yeah, "I Can't Feel My Face" is pretty good. Not a huge fan of his other music, though, sadly
I think you're thinking of "rapper".
<3
Indeed
doin tha weeknd right
lol though
NVM
The real question is do you have pics to confirm
And I hope your night improves :p
But, jokes aside, I hope you've got something to staunch the bleeding with.
Good think alcohol disinfects so you can drink the other 5 cans to make sure your lip is fine. ;)
Oh no!!! That's awful! :(
Lol okay, ready
What's up
Same! :D Really looking forward to it
Make her want the d before you give the d
Don't look too eager
Totally wants to get stuffed
Drunk words are sober thoughts
SHE WANT THAT D
Hi
nice
sorry that was strong language even by our standards of frankness
Oh just like i want to be antisocial tomorrow 
so I’m in the process of backing up all my texts
Ok. Will do
after that i should be alone so I’m gonna have to ask you to get the fuck out please but looking forward
good
wait so just to be clear ( i couldn’t hear you)Whats with the bacon?
Pretty dope still, but by now I'm mostly missing home and Jenn and friends

Can't wait for the semester to start!
Cheerleaders can't pick on themselves
Lol that makes a lot more sense
Well, I hope you have fun there when you go!!!
#highschool
not helping
wat 
lol
Ty for the invitation but I think I'll pass -- not enough artists that I know
OMG NICK JONAS IS GOING TO BE THERE OMG OMG
Be-Yonce
I'll look it up. It's probably not for me, but I'll take a look
Oh
Who's playing?
B/C I want the artists I like to succeed

CAPITALISM 









               BITCH
Perfect
Debating buying her album
Listening to some demos on iTunes
Not bad, not bad
Yeah, discovered that as soon as I looked her up, ya sneaky weasel
Banks? Never heard of them. But, looking up now.
or are you a scrub baby bitch
Alvaro invited me to nail creek bar in Utica. Will you be able to get in
You're a monster
BUT I COULD BE IN 5 minutes from now
No
Nice. How was the potatoes 
Sorry just got the message.  Tried calling
yeah by all means. np
yah
Yeah yeah 
So weird
Also I'm almost a real person so
Word
I'm doing nothing this summer it's great.
Pretty chill
That's good I guess
?
How's upstate!
That's so accurate
She embarrasses me
Tina
Jinnu
Yes
I hate her
Tina is such a drunk bitch
I forgot we talked last night
When I woke up it was bad
I'm actually ok
Ok yeah by all means
oh dood this will be a good snapchat story
yeah
be real men
haha I’d do it
yeah lmk if you want to cook anything these last few weeks
ahh just made french toast
I think Uncle Harry did "it" in the "bathroom"! Only kidding! Well I am glad you are dreaming good dreams and we would love to see you in the winter!
I think it means you should come to visit soon! 
A nightmare?
Thanks! Hope you are having a good summer! 
Coke rum
I'm literally so drunk
I miss drink Erik
ok I'm real drunk
COME
BWCK
IRS TOR FAULT
NOT NIRANTURNRAILR
LETS DO IT
L TW DONIR
COME BAX
It's not as foods dhr b
Come him
his whererv r the duck you are
COME BAXK
IM DEUJ
I MISS TOU SO MUCH
Done and done
Yes the fuck we are
*brotha
Lmfao same brothers
Yea man with that they will hopefully make playoffs
Especially with the newest addition of cespedes
Dude I want the mets to make the playoffs
Yea they play the national
Lol that's awesome. They can make the playoffs
shows the mets that he is the man
That's fucking awesome
Lol that kid is a fucking all star. And wait he wanted to be traded?
What happened
Who is this
Look at our snap for you
But yes, still waitressing and yes, still being harassed by the creepy Spanish kitchen guys haha
Damn that sounds amazing. Nothing better than actually enjoying your work. 
😘
Lol. 516-713-4965
ASAP rocky/a sprinkle of Kanye
Let's drop the hottest mixtape of the year when  you get back
You're so gangster
It was josh lol
Hiiiiiiiiii errrrriiiiikkkk
Come home
Yours doesn't tho, correct?
Working a lot tho which sucks cause my job sucks
It's been fantastic 
You spit straight facts Erik
It will be the coolest kitten ever
Yes 
Omg
If only bing were animal friendly
Lol I wish!
I'll rip your kidneys out 
No you're not
Lmao
Did you use your cac 
Isn't Mylo adorable?
I'm great
Sir Nicholas is driving
Thirhse here 
Hi Erik! 
Chillin 
You know
How's the chair force?
Gucci mane
Wassup playa
Did you ask a stranger
 Word well done
Damn son, that's awesome. Proud of you. Keep it up. And keep up the healthy eating. PS. Love the way you worded that text lol
That's a keeper. His stats are pretty good. You have to wonder why he's was traded 3 times in like 2 years.
Don't worry. I've already made myself nauseous 👽.
I'm sick of being on this🚂.
I never knew I had all of those options. I thought I just had the smiley face on my keypad.
🐸
⚾️🏈🏀⚽️
Is that smiley faces and frowney faces?
Is that a surprised face?
Just missin you is all 
but you can’t buy beer
He figured it out first lol
meow
Yeah so don't mention anything like that
Mlb. Com is saying the mets got Cespedes.
I love you Erik btw his ex cheated on him
This kitty cat already bounced
Ericka** 
Eicka
Hi Eric 
Shit
This is fantastic
I'd give you more if I knew where it was going! Can't just be giving it out all over that's how you get diseases! 
:( 
This** 
Hey who's those 
Lol this is goin to be fun ;)
It is 1-516-672-8596 if you want to berate him for not being here
Hahahaha you're right you should tell him that. Do you even have his number lol
He wanted to dress up like a Cuban with u for the Olympics
He wants u to be there and he's mad you won't be there
Why
:( oh no, I'm not gonna see you till christmas! How will you manage going that long without me??? 
I doooooooo, oh noooo!!
Are u coming home anytime soon??
Ok, I'm gonna do it then, thank you!
of my memory
Hey, I don't know if you know anything about this, but do you know if it's OK for me to delete all the cache data on my phone? It's taking up like a lot 
you don’t have to but ok
yes
I think Alvaro and James want in
1230?
Always
Lol. Maybe just natty and jäger
Can't wait home slice. I'm feeling some egg nog and baileys
Swag. We are obligated to get so trashed
Do you come back here before you go back to skool
Agggh. We are sad you are missing the beerlympics
Your internship ends the 14th right
Hey chief
It's out of character for them. Their young pitchers are dominant but their offense stinks. They are looking to trade for a bat. It's like watching the Devils or soccer.
Maybe
Ea
Y
Have you found my husband yet?? If not I never wanna talk to you again
I won't let this leave my body until it's poop dust
You're weak
It was what was left over 
Hehehehehehehehehhehehehhehehehehehehehe
I learned how to be baller af
I'm tired. I'm not typing it all
That sucks and must be tiring  ! I'm green 
Your manager sounds like a slut
Yeah it was super fun. I just want it to be over now
How are you Erik? 
I'm playing the train game 
Good. I have a week left of my internship so I'm preparing for that
Hiii
I'm good, how are you ? 
Hi Erik 
I'm here
yes sir walkin down now
I like peed better dang
Perf
Peed
Didn't want to wear it if it was just you
Well I have a new skirt I wanted to wear for you both
Surely. Is it just me and you
let me know
if you want to play ping pong
sorry honey. i responded
haha thanks man
The reports came out that the trade was done on social media. Flores started crying at second base during the game. The Mets pulled out at the last minute because they were afraid of something on Gomez s medical report.
Aight. Now it's about finding a nigga to chill with during the day 
Word. 
Both
What about kosher food? 
What's the date again?
Let me ask ruth. Duh. 
Ohhhh. Fuck. 
Idk 
Jews? 
Which one
I have the money to do this. But I ain't tryna sit at the hotel by myself the entire day bro 
Doesn't wanna go...
I would do that. But I'm not trying to stay there the whole day by myself. 
Only a little,  What started it
Im gonna have to pass
Yo yo
Lol you said your friend has a place 
That's the only thing holding me back
Apartment. 
The only problem I'm concerned about is Shabbat. How I'm gonna do it at this kids house 
^Made my day
You say "Yeah" a lot
Now that I think about it, though, a lot of the fun people are gone 😔
Patties are good too though
Parties*
I keep forgetting Brian Kim's still there! I can't wait for rescon patties
Lol, so much for CIW. I'm guessing they just assign them randomly then?
Twice as fast for text books and 3 times as fast for regular reading.
U got a letter from bing about speed reading classes.
Your boy jack just showed up at the library
Fine
In practice, probably not
In principle, yes
I don't have clubs
Tulo traded for Reyes plus prospects.
Heavy drinking will occur in your honor 
You will be missed 
Of course love 
Aww that sucks 😔 I'll see what I can do but I feel like it's not gonna be possible past that week because everyone starts to leave for school. I'm sorry sweetie pie, it's so hard to coordinate everyone. But don't worry ticket party is being saved for winter break I promise we would never do that without you
3 weeks actually 
Is there any time you would come home before them 
But Emily leaves in 2 weeks 
We're trying really hard to accommodate everyone 
And I said to do it on a weekend lol
And she asked me that since you can only come on a weekend if we should do it on a weekend
Idk were probably gonna do it at caros
It should be both. Ya know, to keep you on your toes
Hehehe I'm gonna add her and yell at her
She's cute
But yeah i found her
Why don't you have an iPhone damnit
My roommates little is a mutual friend with me
This her?
Both bitch
Hahahahahahahahah
Just as guys don't like girls who look desperate, girls don't like guys who seem too thirsty. We like what we can't have
Don't look too eager
Just be cool. DO NOT THINK TOO MUCH INTO IT. I swear to god you're a girl sometimes
And likes nice boys like me
Also maybe she's not into super douchey frat guys
Hahaha don't sell yourself too short kiddo
Meh...usually, yeah
I said you'd be the next Trump because of your wealth, not field
I'm already aware that you think I'm an idiot - if I really didn't know what real estate was I would have googled it instead of asking you
You're so mean to me
I was joking
What is real estate?
But yeah, see where it takes ya. If nothing else, just steal her design ideas and be the next Trump
Dat hair flip, doe
Well I wouldn't assume she gets a lot of attention, maybe she's quiet or doesn't go out as often as you think. Frat guys can suck, too.
Nice, I see she's biochem too, I respect that
She in our year?
Grrrr 😒
Do you think she's actually being flirty or thinks you'll be a great addition to her app team
You're right, she is pretty and does seem like fun
Hmmmm but let's think about this Erik
If you don't want to tell me I understand though, I respect your privacy
True name, or gtfo
...😑
Lol
The sarcastic in me says "Of course not", but the genuine part of me says yes
What's her name? Can I FB stalk her?
re it takes you? Let me know how your conversation goes tonight
You don't sound very enthusiastic...I can't really speak for her since I have no clue what she's like, but that is kinda random. Keep talking and see whe
I see...now the main question, are you interested in her?
Oh. I just talked to Jinju. She says there can only be one Jinju hehehe
What happened
Hmm. Did you reply to her Saturday message?
What was the last thing you guys talked about before she said that to you?
😬😬😬
But I'll try my best. Shoot
I'm not a girl...
How is life?
ill be pumping blood into my bone meat by that time
Haha me too. end of the day ping mebe
You're pinging my pong
Want to smack some balls around big dawg
😜😜😜😜😜😜
The 7th...THEN PLAY ALL THE TIME
Good. I'm like over work though. I just wanna play
But I leave the 31st
Boo Emily leaves the 13th
Okie Yayyy
You asshole slut
Are you coming home at all again?
The dynamic duo has been separated for long enough
Why are we getting drunk without each other
Heheeheh were funny
Throwing daggers at the pills bury doughboy
Do you think there's One that reaches the router at my parents room without having to pierce the wall? 
It's getting on my nerves cuz it's impossible to play 
Hey, can I connect an Ethernet cable to my Wii u?  Everytime I try to play oonline it lags excessively 
Beer Olympics
I miss my best friend
But seriously come home
Shut up you pussy
Come home please
I miss you
hahah
I try






                            sometimes
That makes me happy. :)
?
strange but wonderful
I sent this to Jenn. She says “HAHAHAHAHA that's hilarious” :P
One of my favorite accounts kills it 
https://twitter.com/wu_tang_finance/status/624674819687104512
Tearing it up on Twitter 
#meekbelike
196 is my house, rob is there and the doors are unlocked. Take off your shoes before on carpet
I don’t know what you should be, but I’m definitely proud of you. <3
Will do
Nice, 4:30
We just left wegmans
We gonna be there closer to 4
Yes sir
Btw Tom has been sick most of the week but feels better today. He can't drink bc he's on antibiotics
For today, bring: bathing suit, towel, any beer or liquor you prefer, blanket, pillow and all other necessities you may need
We should move
Yo
Wow, he was with the devils for like 20 years. That's surprising, he is really old.
lool@stroms.get/rekt
How was that interaction? :P
Yeah, I remember, he’s also interning in Rome for something else entirely…
lolololololololooooooooooooolooooooooooooooloooooooooooool
Lol good please explain it to me because I don't think I ever really got it myself
Machine learning was a cluster last semester; we essentially took the Coursera course (parts of it, and parts of a different curriculum) online and got quizzed and tested on it, with some additional homework and projects. It was structured awfully, but thankfully, it’s a different professor this semester. (Lei Yu is fantastic.)

Why?
:) :) :) :)
*bowing* lol
Well, nice! Glad things are going well.

I miss having you in my life, Erik. :( Can’t wait to get back to Bing!
Seems good! Going on my wish list. :)
Sweet. Sounds like a lot of hard work, tbh, but probably really rewarding when it works.
And cool, lemme look it up -- I might like reading it.
Awesome! I’m glad! What are you working on now?

And, #swert, watcha readin’? Programming stuff, or fun books?
lol thx
It has to do with object serialization for sending object between processes. It’s a neat project, but I can’t really say much about it. (I’ll tell you a bit more in person… :))

How are you doing? How’s work in Rome? :)
But overall, I’m happy with work, even if I’ve got a lot of it.
Rawr ...

Things are going pretty well! I've been really busy the last two weeks because I had to present my intern project to management yesterday. I've been busy working on that, but it seems to have paid off because they want me to present again to management higher up on Tuesday.
How’s it going?
hiii Erik
I will come looking for you with Hatians
Hah I will have to check it out
Nothing really.I might be off that week.
When is your job over for the summer.?will u be down sometime around August 15?
Sounds like a plan
I'll have to see closer to the date
Beer, music,  my hand accidentally touching your ass ever hour on the hour... how could I not be interested
Oh dam
Yeah
Yo yo
Ight fam
I didn't know the wayne would be there
Other then meek mill that's a whack line up
I can't fix it 
:(
The Xbox got the ring of death 
I'm here where Are you?
Oh good
Did you guys book the honeymoon suite by accident?
Where r u?
VZW FREE MSG: As of 07/18/2015, Mobile 516-640-8986 has exceeded $50 in global data charges. Data is $2.05/1MB.
VZW FREE MSG: Visit VZW.com/globaldata or call +1-908-559-4899 (free from VZW device). Turn data services off or use Wi-Fi to avoid data charges.
VZW FREE MSG: As of 07/18/2015, Mobile 516-640-8986 has exceeded $50 in global data charges. Data is $2.05/1MB.
Global Data: $2.05/MB. Turn data services off in device settings or use Wi-Fi to avoid charges.
Depending on your plan, calls made & received are $0.99/min. In the U.S. turn off Roaming in device settings to ensure domestic services.
Free Msg! Welcome to Canada.Dial +1 & 10-digit# to call US.For Roaming Support call +1-908-559-4899.
Global Data: $2.05/MB. Turn data services off in device settings or use Wi-Fi to avoid charges.
Depending on your plan, calls made & received are $0.99/min. Pic/Video msgs, web use, tethering, and apps use data while roaming.
Free Msg! Welcome to Canada.Dial +1 & 10-digit# to call US.For Roaming Support call +1-908-559-4899.
I found you
Lol, I wish I could tell you...I'm not sure I've ever been there myself. I'm guessing you've ordered wings by now?
You're asking the vegetarian?
Didn't know you were a polymorph
James and Alvaro want to go to joeys tonight if you're down
I can meet wherever, I'm about to cross into the U.S.
Should I disguise myself in the costume?
Oh no
If you want you can go to the falls and I can meet you 
Good morning. Crossing into Canada now. Should arrive in Amherst around 3
Morning! I'll be back in 2 minutes, I had to run up the trees 😬
Do you need anything?
I'm in the Basement
Dinner tonight? 
That's really early . I'm sending in your juror questionnaire , so just say you signed it if anyone asks. You are not called for duty yet. Cori got a kitten. Grandma loves it and wants to borrow it.
Is everything ok?
Coming!
Did Cori text u about Michael s surprise party?
Smh - 8025 Boston State Road, Hamburg NY 14075
Okay dope! My house should be easy to find, it's right past a brown church called Churchill Child Center on the left. We have a turn around driveway
Kitty is absolutely crazy
Yasssss! Did you get your oil changed?
Happy national yellow pig day!
Nice!
Ok happy reading!!!  Luv u. 
You got a juror questionnaire. It just asks if u can speak English, over 18 and a Nassau resident. I'll just fill it out and sign your name and send it in. I'll say you are a full time student in bing.
It probably is, I'll try to pick something else more in the way
Verizon Msg: You've used about 75% of your 4GB data plan (cycle ends the 20th). Track usage at vzwmobile.com/usg or add 2GB to your plan for $10 more per month.
What town are you coming from to buffalo? I can try to pick one along that route
I am excited by the way, you just can't tell in my voice
He's laying on my sister there
So did he😮
nice
done
Maybe even a video
When I get home you will get a beautiful picture
I work Erik I'm hardly with the kitten
Lmao
I don't answer to your standards
Yasssss, I used it for its name, not its congruency value
Yeah, it can kiss my Angle Side Side. And okay dope!
by 1:30pm so anytime after that is perfect 👌🏼
ly thing is I'm working Friday morning/afternoon, but I'll be home 
you were like an hour away...I'm an idiot. But yeah sounds good! On
Damn, I must have failed geography, for some reason I was thinking 
Bring whatever you want creampuff
Or are you bringing fruit
Is it banana and apple flavored lube
Bring the lube, banana and apple
Just another thing to worry about
Because then he'll fuck you
 Are you someone's girlfriend
Are you
 I don't think so
I swear to God...
sing me 😔
lrighty, hiking it is! Lol, oh man. Already embracing them embarras
Ah gotcha, I figured you'd be seeing a lot of stuff with him too. A
Let's go to Tabby Town at the Mall first tho 😺
 too
 other games he's got. Oh! We can go berry picking in the town over
ut Majoras mask on my brothers GameCube this week, I gotta see what
dlawn Beach, there's always Canalside downtown. I was gunna break o
 to Chestnut Ridge Park and we can hike around, we can chill at Woo
n side of the Falls (idk if you've ever been there), I can take you
 life is embarrassingly boring, but we could head up to the America
ctor of that 😬 
And I've been thinking about that...I feel like my
Lol. My parents are cool, but I could not handle the awkwardness fa
I have no idea :( I'm always checking my phone while at school, then when I'm home for the summer I get so lazy :(
I think I'm going to make an appointment at Infiniti in Syracuse for next Saturday 
I have a hard time trusting mechanics
Just woke up
hey.  I don't remember seeing that email.  How's it going.  Can you talk tomorrow night
I'm Rick James bitch
Just bc you're in Rome doesn't mean you need to speak in the ghetto tongue
Utica or Rome?
Where is this place 
I was thinking, if we ever got captured by isis or something we'd probably have to swallow our cacs
yeah sounds good. let me stuff a bagel down my throat
good question. we could go to the fringe (or middle) of the park, maybe fort stanwix lawn (probably loud-ish though), up the trail by the entrance and find somewhere quiet
sure
I think she keeps forgetting.  We should prob not talk about it in front of her anymore. 
I almost didn't tell Vinny 
Hell no
Hope grandma doesn't slip up
Just cat and Corey 
I haven't even told john. 
I will kill u
Don't mention anything if u speak to him
I'll get someone who knows how 
:( 
How's it going out there?
So I'm having a surprise 21 bday for mike on 8/30. Sunday. Hope u can come
Bonerjamz
That's tomorrow
😉
I think I'm actually gonna do work today bc I wasted a lot of time this week. If you go lmk how it is though it sounds cool 
Brayton
931 Braylon park
That probably makes more sense
I want to go soon
Do you still want to come to the book sale
How is the Tinder situation?
wice though
get to respond even though they meant to. Definitely no more than t
, then I think that's okay. Sometimes people can distracted and for
st let it go. If you really wanna message a second time just to see
Sorry for the shitty response time 😬 but yeah, I would probably ju
I think the isles are going to ride it out with there young players. Nets finally dumped Deron Williams.
Want to set plans tomorrow?
sounds good
great
Yeah dawg catch you there
Yeah when?
No, I ment where do you want to meet to talk more about it! Dinner?
Killer where at?
They're almost done with this game but I don't know if they plan to do more
There are goons on the table
I'll be there in 5
I challenge you
I'm working my cac off right now
Maybe later
OH BIG DAWGS MENTOR ISNT HERE SO ITS ALL CAC AND PING PONG BALLS
Yeah,  mattituck is the address
 246 Bartley road I believe
You dog
Oh you just want to come ram your cac down my throat don't you
Deal
What time tonight
Nah, I'm just watching my strange addiction now. One girl eats mattresses...as long as my life doesn't get to that point I think I'll survive
Imma try 9-5 tomorrow 
I'm exposed
Shit I'm a plebe
With the throbbing cak...card
Big dawg
I'm down
I don't even know what to say anymore 
Ian wants in too
I'm down
"500 days of kitty"
I'll title it
 I should just make you a nice little collage
You'll get pictures eventually
I've been at work all day lo siento
Lol oh yeah 😂
who is jack Fischer
okie!!
nothing I can do about it rn lol
I think I'm good rn. I'll probably take 18 next semester 
I'm doing Bio Sociology writing 111 and scholars. I wanted to take another but mom doesn't want me to lol
well I didn't get to ask if my supa credits covered chem 107 so I signed up for that
it was ok! I didn't get the chance to ask questions to advisors so I fucked up my schedule so thankfully someone is changing it for me lol
It was monday and Tuesday lol
GEICO Policy: Your payment of $117.37 for policy ending in 7488 will be billed to the credit/debit card ending in 6131 on 07/13. Reply STOP to end texts.
Sounds good buddy
And theoretically if we each have a car then we can leave it at the shop and come back later
Something i need in New York. It should only take 20 minutes
Only requirement I have is I need to have my car inspected, otherwise I'm game for almost anything
Ok then
Yao 
Life*
What is if
 to work both jobs then train. I ran, now I'm stopping for a protein bar and going home to lift
And yeah, we have my cousin, his wife and their 2 daughters from California living with us atm. Today was one's Christening and the other bday, but I had
No problem :)
k today though, I can do Friday-Saturday 👍🏼
Hi sorry, things have been crazy, I just got out - I checked at wor
Awesome! Glad to hear it bro. Proud of you. BTW I saw some pics of you mackin it with babe's on FB. You're looking good. I can see results already. Keep it up!
Possibly, I'm working the kitchen tomorrow so I'll see if they can give me Fri-Saturday off instead of Sat-Sun. I'll let you know!
Poop butt
Ass
 I'll avoid texting at nighttime lmfao
Thanks bro, I'll speak to her asap
Isadora^
Of course I love Izadora
I dont have her number no
Well thanks I'll talk it over with her 
Hmmm okok got it
I'm thinking of taking them now, is it a good idea? Or should I wait?  And also, how much was it when you took it? 
I'm down for that, probably Saturday daytime. I can drive out on Friday, but it'll take a while
Hey, did you take sat classes back in junior year? 
Yeah he's pretty damn adorable
Lol
I am so sorry Erik how inconsiderate of me
And it's been kinda lame :/ I've gotten brave enough to answer the phones now though, she things are 0.01% more interesting
...I hope you set on fire the second you step outside -_- I think I actually just heard thunder
How was work?
Betch. It's a thousand degrees 😟
Haha I try 
I know haha
Maybe*
Or just not at all
I have a lot of stuff to do at home right now 
Haha yes! I'm not the best at checking my FB so I felt bad if I were to never answer someone's message to me! No I'm not 
The guy said many in a few months
I don't think I have to anymore
Sorry I suck at spelling :/
Ahh Eric? 
I'm sorry who is this? 
Hi
Not exactly sure,  going to sports authority now
Na fuck that
I think I'll be alright
Yes sir
You know the drill just walk in when you get here
Alright
I'm helping my mom set up for today. You can stop by if you'd like
You're so weird today
Woooooooo
How did you get home
What
What's up kid
I'm saying I have no way to get there 
If you wanna come pick me up then sure 
I'm in Ohio right now 
Under my mailbox 
I left it on the front stoop next to the door 
At u hinge yet&)?
9k be safe 
Yes :)
Ok I'll put it in front of my door
I can go check and see if u want
Are you here? 
Is nkt ovwr!!
No In sleeping here. Come to Sarah the party is my hover
Where r u? #;_=
Come homeee
Com4.hi 
Com4.hi 
Coemeek
Come slginw  to sarahsas
Anytime!!!
Nope, sticking it to her
Oh I misread that
I boght you beer
Bring money to Sarah's
Prob not, I don't feel like hanging with the children. Except for tom monohan. Do you have booze?
Beer
Don't know yet, probably 8:30
I'm good, what's up
What's gucci
I still can't believe it!!!
What has the world come to...Joey chestnut lost the hot dog eating contest!!!!!
Hello Jinju!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Happy 4th
Haha you're right
Yeah probably. Then what're we gonna do?
I need to shower
What time do you think that'll be
Just tell you're here to pickup at the wons
82102 county pointe circle queens village, ny 11427
If you can!!
Okie I'll be home home
You're going to Sarah's right?
Let's do that
What do you wanna play
I told cori we were going to the Brazilians today. If Matt or someone calls please play along.
I'm with my parents right now and I'm on my way home
Les play
My friends birthday party in Staten Island!
On my way home from the city
Hi
Happy 4th!!
https://twitter.com/dannytanner/status/615252749291257856
Right now 
GEICO Policy: Renewal ID Cards are now available at www.geico.com/express for your auto policy ending in 7488. Reply STOP to end texts.
It works out kinda well, I'm traveling to Mississippi the week of the 20th
I am definitely interested and want to make it happen
No worries, and okay cool sounds good!
Ah ok
We just got home if you want to chill
 me offer him the same :/
Sweet! Also, is your friend still coming up? You can stay at my place for the night, but since I don't know your friend personally, house rules won't let
Uh I don't have a Costco card but I could try my mom's if you wanna make a run
Swag
Sounds bitchin
Do you want to chill before then
1 o'clock
1 o'clock
Yeah we are
Welcome back to the hamlet
Sup dog
Is that his wife
Hey you. Are you heading to LI for the weekend
So I can't get a Friday, Saturday, Sunday in a row off, but I can do Saturday to Sunday, July 18th-19th - are you busy that weekend?
Nope :(
Oh 
No sorry 😔 but isn't Carolyn having a party?
Going to new joyse 
Going to new joyse 
Erik 😐
Mark from O2 -landlord says he has an extra pair of keys for you and mailbox keys if you can set up a time to meet him.
I assume tonight-ok
Are u coming this weekend?
Yes
No like 12 pm
Emily's at work until like 12 I think
I haven't decided I wanna play and I told Chrissy I would go to chipotle with her. What're your plans for tonight?
Hahaha yes I'm currently home home
Ugh so late
What time will you be back?
Rangers  fm resigned on free agent day. Weird
It's also Canada day. Idk about celebrating, more like a solemn remembrance like Pearl Harbor day.
Wow. That was a mega deal. He is a sniper and could be deadly with Crosby. Lighthouse hockey was saying he would be perfect with Tavares. Flyers signed Neuwirth from isles, but the isles got Greiss who I always thought was good.
Nhl free agency starts today. Usually see a ton of moves the first couple of days.
Yes I can talk now
Yo, still wanna chat?
The cat is officially named Mylo
Update
Yeah I like it
Zeus is apparently what we're going with
So
However upon taking the kit to the vet it turns out it is in fact a male
I think that can be arranged...
You got it
Cause my dogs name is martini
My sis just suggested Bellini
I like it
She be a girl
It sounds kinda boyish tho
I actually love that gizmo
Got any suggestions you wanna throw into the mix?
Nick suggested noodles lmfao
Some want Olive some want kit
And we haven't agreed on one
Yes she is
She likes to sleep on people's bellies
Then daily pictures you shall get
It's so tiny ☺️
Yes i diiiiiiidddd
I'm so excited
I'm at nationals so no
We usually don't go to Coris for the 4th.
What's the Corp?
Does it matter? The only possible plans we might have is going over to theBrazilians on the 4th. You can come even if we have plans and whatever plans we have you can come if u want.
No not yet. I'm off Friday.
So what are you going to do with that award?
On the way home now
Do you want us to get you or are you leaving right afterwards
*published
I would so buy that when it's polished
Flip the goddam cup Rj, it's not that goddam hard. ASU would be ashamed, ashamed.
Alright, see you there buddy
Please tell me you haven't left yet
Come to the rices. Would you like some natty lite
Hi hi
I'm here I think 
Omw
20*
I'll be there in 2p
Okok
Jeff is asking whose house it is
They said yes
Ok
OK I'll ask my parents to drop me off there lmfao cross ur fingers 
Where r u guys at
I'm hoping at around 8:30
Like IDK what time I'm leaving here 
I am but I got no ride thereee
Lmfaooo
I'll put on my game face 
I'll tryyy
I wanna goooo
Probably soon hahah
I'm not sure what time I'm going home 
OMG yaassss
What time is it at? 
How's the diet going?
You gonna be there later?
Walking as we speak
You there yet
:*
Disaster,  can I throw you money for poop
You did 
Coming in hot
Just gotta shower first
You got it chief
What time are you going to Emily's
Whenever Ellen gets back home
Yeah Man. Too Lydia's? Or a poop run, or both
I think I'm good. I still have some stuff
Aight 
You should come here so i can kick your ass at Mario kart/ smash bros 
Oh ok lol 
What are you doing tonight? 
How are the workouts going?
Islanders trade second round and third round for number 28
Great.  That's nice.  How was the graduation
Wasn't a fan of him anyway 
Ight
To who?
Where you at now
Is the ceremony over? 
I'm on the side
Nice view
Where you guys at
Ready 
Let me shower real quick I'll text you when I'm ready 
I have to get back by 5:30 tho 
Rad I actually need some too 
Sure, what's the errand 
Tired as fuck but getting some taco bell so it's improving. You?
Sup bruh 
...Your priorities make me uncomfortable
Germany is playing France this afternoon in the woman's World Cup quarter finals. USA vs China at 7:30.
Kk
http://imgur.com/r/TumblrCirclejerk/r6d1qsc
By the pool? Yeah sure
10 minutes
You can swim in the pool and I can make you lunch
You wanna go to work with me
Oh shit
Right. And homie, Rj is back.
I know. I tried to take off but stu was being an ass
But after that I am yours
Unfortunately I have work till 530
Hey buddy
We going to the majestic diner
Dude. I will call you around 4 or 5. Denny's it is. I'll pick you up
Hey man I didn't hear you call me. I'm currently at prom. Wassup
Ok
When are u leaving?
Are u coming tonight?
Lol
K
No
Supposed Garth snow is talking to Hextall about trading Okposo to the flyers. Nhl draft is Friday night.
Oh no
O sht
YEAH BUDDY
You coming home this weekend?!
107-269 is your Stripe verification code to use your payment info with Humble Bundle.
337-917 is your Stripe verification code to use your payment info with Humble Bundle.
I think I'll give you the win, you earned it
Maybe but I'll be enjoying batman on the big screen
Pc  isn't a console
Why peasant?
Ps4 
Damn it :/ but okey dokes, will do
ekend and see what's good 😬
th in July. And alright, lemme look at the calendar at work this we
Oh I'm a dork, I was looking at June. I meant the weekend of the 25
Hmm, I'm thinking maybe the last weekend in July? Thing is I do work weekends now, so I'd have to be sure I can get off...when would your friend be in town?
I was literally mid-reach, and then my supervisor picked it up. I was spared...for now
It did come out today, I need to get that after work
ne rang today and I almost peed 😞
Also, they want me to start taking help desk calls at work. The pho
Too good for utensils like the rest of us? Smh
Very jealous
Asymmetrical*
esthetics and strength, and possibly make you more prone to injury.
Definitely worth trying to address this issue now as opposed to continuing to overdevelop the right side of your body, which will lead to a symmetrical a
ut it's the only way to get your left side caught up with your right side.
 movements where you're working the left and right sides independently. It's a bit awkward at first and you may have to significantly lower the weight, b
That is very common for righ-handed people. What you need to do is stick to only using dumbbells for the time being, and I would even try to only perform
Did Sharon email you?
CONGRATS!
It was fun! It was rainy but the band still played and I was completely inebriated hahaha so it was a good time
gest idiot
Omg you are gonna be such a little bitch hahahah, it's ok I made a fool of myself this past Saturday, we're all just taking turns at looking like the big
Yeah I'm sure we'll do something Thursday too after prom photos, there will be lots of playing happening this weekend :)
inner or something with our families and then we'll play or something!
Ugh the fucking government man hahahaha, idk if anything is really happening, I mean I'm sure something will happen, Caro and I will probably go out to d
6:30 on the field! Don't weenie out on us again like you did last weekend hahaha
And, Toxic by Yael Naim is 100000× better than the original.
Knocking on Heavens Door (by RAIGN) is fantastic, BTW.
I know, right? I love that one too. :P
lolololol
BTW, even more unrelated, but if you’ve got Spotify, this is an amazing playlist: https://open.spotify.com/user/spotify/playlist/3iIkTxGdNYBItyi5jxnN7N
There are some rap songs that I actually really enjoy the covers of (“No Diggity” is fantastic, for instance).
Haha, lol.
Well, Jenn and I are probably going to be in the city for a while when I get back. The plans aren’t 100% solid yet, but we could definitely hang out! :) My mom and siblings are going to be in Israel until 08/24, so it’ll just be me, Jenn, and my dad, but we’ll see.
08/15 at 8:00 AM
Why?
😁
Are you at your desk? Im in the entrance of a2
Roses and a note sealed with a kiss
Oh ok.
When you get back to Binghamton, you should probably give Sharon the biggest high-five ever given or received.
dr ellen heed
Congratulations, why did u get accepted there? Did u change your major?
holy cow!!!Way to go,  that is awesome. Congrats 
!!!

CONGRATS
NOW U ARE 1 OF US
Oh, I understand now...
I'm guessing you weren't into her tho?
That's a cute "how we met" story
Awhh, lol I'm guessing her day was not Tara-ffic. Her loss
Speaking of which, did you message that Tara girl?
Yes it was panderific, thank you
?
hat do you think of a girl wearing a backwards hat? Is it obnoxious
I'd rather just use my feet, though. So ice bathes it is 😬 also, w
"Deez nubs"
I can't be a kicker without shins
My shins are starting to hurt, I'm afraid
Whatcha up to?
Currently taking an ice bath and reading Cracking the Coding Interview
did you turn it off and turn it on again.
Like, on your hard drive, or just in the app? Or both?
    cool
:0
Haha why do you even bother opening up the fake URLs I send you?
wearefuckingcreepsandaresobasethatwedontevencare.info
that goes unsaid tbh
He would SLAY on christianmingle.com...
LOL really? Wow
That's some serious untapped potential right there
😁
Loooooooooooooooool how is this not a web series/VH1 show yet? you need a better agent
Good game everyone, time to pack it up and go home.
*rekt goddamn it
bwahahahahahahahahahaha

lol u got rent
Loooooool that's so funny to me
What's she look like?
Sweet! Lots of cool stuff there.
How'd you like Dishonored? What was your play style?
Lol what'd you buy?
I will die long before I’ll be able to reach OCD-like levels of completion on this game, so I think it’d be safer to just not even attempt it. :P
Yeah, I did — I bought this game, and another terribly difficult game whose sole purpose is to make you angry (look up “Darkest Dungeon”). How about you?
I’ve been itching to play but my weird apartment-mate and friend have been sitting at the only table in the apartment for hours doing nothing, and I can’t play. :(
Good! Just hanging out, wasting my weekends away… :) I picked up a game called “Divinity: Original Sin” so wasting a lot of time on that. 
lol, nice
Lol, do you have anyone to play with besides Jack?
very nice very nice
Lol, nice. I knew you were in the process, but glad you finally achieved your hopes and dreams.
ty ty
Thought you might get a kick out of that.
This is what I’d sent: “happy fathers day http://i.imgur.com/Yg7It9V.jpg”
Did you get my text from earlier this afternoon? I sent it, but just now saw that my laptop is saying it wasn’t delivered…
;)
Lol, why? What have you been doing...
Doing butt things, I guess? So, decent. How's yours?
ayy
Ok
Thank you.
Good to go
Come to the back! 
Thanks , I appreciate it 
Have you eaten? 
Text Ian
But 931 Brayton park
Finishing up
I'm not home I'm at the gym
With +15 agility and 1 to all skill levels
I'm wearing that and my balrog skin Spaulders
Yea that's what I mean
Id 
But is still dress for war
From what I've read it doesn't sound very strenuous
Bald mountain
not at all unfortunately. rough night 
I really have no idea where it is in relation to us so I don't know if you're on the way or not on the way
Do you want to carpool or anything like that?
I think we will leave around 1130
Yea let's go at around 11?
Yea I'm sorry guys
I might just not move from my bed 
Ha sweet
Hey man sorry I just woke up from a nap. What are you guys doing
Yeah dog! My address is 1025 downer avenue utica ny
I may just sit and drink as much coffee as I can
I'll probably go but not eat 
Haha I ate chipotle with Ian at like 4
Ok thanks 
Il pull through 
Eh
Killer maybe there is a good pizza joint acorns here
Don't think il be able to 
I've got a stomach problem 
I think Andre is down, idk about anybody else! 
Around 8?
Nope,  Just something
Normally I'd facepalm, but in this situation I support that
I'm a little iffy on the crop-top selfies, especially as profile pics...but she seems pretty. Have you messaged her?
Hey man! What are you doind for dinner tonight? 
Yeaa
Haha atty boy kid! Proud of you. You gonna be makin all KINDZ a Gainz 
ok nice
its my brothers 18th bday though so gotta skype
i have nothing to grill but il stop outside
aight
ayyye
Haha alright
We are here
Ok. I'm comig with Ian and another guy is meeting us
It all depends what kind of steak you buy.  Butch says he got most of his recipes from food-network.. bobby flays recipes.   If it's like a t bone steak an inch thick...A little salt and pepper on each side after patting them dry with paper towels and grill on high for about 5 min on each side. 
Lol same, I only drank at Emily's and that was 2 nattys
Sweet! It's gonna be a great time
Not sure yet lol you coming down that day??
It's gonna be rad chief
I approve
Awesome. YUS!!!!
So I'm gonna try and take off this Friday
Transitive property
Oh yes. I also have to operate the sound board for the band so it's gonna be a learning experience. And that is correct
Keg plus jäger= happy tom
Jäger?
Me too homie
I'll be at Lydia's party on Saturday
Correct
Adam might be off
But it's only till 530
Jk I have work
I'm off
You sir
Yeah bro!
Ok I will
Idk what any of that meant :) it's been good man. Hbu
Lol there are fried chicken recipes inside
Sounds good
I think that's the place bob was talking about
Haha fair enough
Will do. You're sucha nice guy. How's your job going bro?
Want to go around 7?
Heck yeah man!
Card
Fuck forgot my cars 
Not sure though
I don't think so
I'm getting drunk with Tom and jimmy on Saturday as well but I can't wait
I'm so sad
Tonight's Thursday, are you coming to toms?
When are you coming home kid
muscle.
thy bodyfat percentage. On average I would say ~250 calories less then that rate would be ideal for you to burn fat, but still get enough food to build 
 once you determine that number, you can then make sure to eat slightly less, if you want to lose weight and fat faster, until you get yourself to a heal
You can use this website to figure out how many calories you need per day to maintain your weight based on your level of exercise
http://www.bmi-calculator.net/bmr-calculator/
That actually reminds me to send you a link to a basal metabolic rate calculator
I've been using that website for years. It's amazing and the best resource. Glad you found it!
Guys
Whatever you gud want 
true true
i could use a beer actually
just what I’ve always wanted!!
YIPPIE
And then after I'll buy you and jack beer and cigarettes
Then let's go to the one in Utica
I'll find out
Their natural sweet taste was enough for me
And just so you know I also ate the yams plain no butter or salt or other seasoning on them
They are essentially the same yes
Maybe that BBQ place around here?
I don't have any place in mind really
Yea sure
Tomorrow or tonight
Steak and yams was always my favorite meal combination
Sweet
Make sense?
 to naturally produce more testosterone
The rest of the visceral or residual fat content in those cuts of meat is perfectly healthy for you to consume, the saturated fat is what your body needs
tting but you don't have to cut out every piece of fat. There will usually be chunks of it in the center or all along the sides-- take those out
And when you get certain cuts like a ribeye or prime rib, just cut out the fat after you have cooked the steak. It might take a little bit of surgical cu
Meat are*
than others
You can browse the meat section in the supermarket and just visually look at how marbled the various cuts of meat or and determine which ones are leaner 
I always got either shell steak, ribeye, or some other kind of relatively lean New York Strip without the bone
The leanest steak is London broil but I've never cared for it because it's too chewy for me
k, go for anything that's lean...
Honestly you don't need seasoning and you will grow to enjoy the taste of steak simply cooked on the grill with nothing else on it. When selecting a stea
Not really. The natural flavor of the steak was always enough for me. You might be able to find a salt free Mrs dash steak seasoning tho. 
Yes
Jeff DeLutis
Your package came
Jeff DeLutis
Thanks
Jeff DeLutis
I don't think they ever started lmao. are you surprised
Isles finished paying Yashin last night. Only 14 yrs to go for DP.
Verizon Msg: You've used nearly all of your 1st extra data allowance. Additional data for this cycle is $15 per 1GB or add 2GB to your plan for $10 more per month at vzwmobile.com/usg
im asking around
david cant find the video he said to ask megan mcneice
aww I really miss everyone we should definitely all meet up
do you like the internship otherwise
aww youngin
are you gonna be a senior
whomp. all summer?
:o pretty sweet. are you still living home
now*
what have you been up to nos
nah im emailing him now
 best video that is no longer to be found
I dont know them that well. and no they cant beat us. especially not our video
um well theres not enough desks for the interns so a bunch of them are set up in a conference room which is interesting
im sure he still is :p
michael
hold on creeping the internal perspective. . not Gary for sure
marykate and an IT person.. I cant remember his name D:
yup
its terrible lmao be peter pan
same ol' 
the struggle to install a font haha
it feels weird not being an intern anymore!
didnt work :( was a good try though haha come back to 1800flowers!!
Just a note on the pistachio apparently the healthiest nut lol
My pleasure!
onight. I just want to make sure you have a clear and comprehensive reference for what you will be doing.
I am making a few adjustments to the clarity and comprehension of my document that I will be sending you an email, so I will send it to you a bit later t
Sudden stress poop
Be right there
AH FOUND IT
Ok great 
Can we check in your car
Not lol
No no 
Ok I will do that. Speak soon. Enjoy your dinner!
Shit can't find my wallet
Hey bud. I have many advices (Arnold voice) maybe I can all you in a bit?
Now you can pay for bottle service 
That's awesome man 
Yeah, I just drove in from new Hampshire,  so im going to stay here in Utica, I'll catch you later! 
Yeah man, where at? 
You're getting paid right?
I told Ian. I'm going to skip tonight. Have fun
Aren't you having like withdrawals and stuff? Lmao 
Damn dude that's crazy lol 
What's the name of the restaurant 
And good shit yes I will 
😢 ok buddy I understand 
When are you planning to go
I'm strongly considering. I have leftovers from last night and some reading I want to get done tonight. but Chinese food 
Are you ready for Saturday? 
❤️❤️
You the real MVP 
Tmon97@gmail.com 
562-085 is your Stripe verification code to use your payment info with BundleStars.com.
It's literally perfect, I have no clue what you mean 😬
Ight
Ok then
?
Gotta be home at 12
I don't hav much time lol
Erik plz lol
Tryina pick up
U know y lol
Send me Jeff Reyes #?
Ok give me a call then
I got your proof of ins cards for July 15 to January. We cant forget to put them in your  car. If u have the geico app print them.
Go without me I just ate a ton of food
Rome local or utica local
Hah where are you going
Ah man I just cooked
It could be huge 
We could post it in both groups 
Want to make a quick web app "Circletwerk or HH?" Just take a ton of screenshots and make it like a hot or not quiz
Idea
Ok
Sure
Ready when you are
Aight 
Gonna go running and take a quick shower, 10:30?
I'm feeling like a baller breakfast. Want to hit up Denny's?
Thank you my son
Wat
Look at Alex's snap story 
🔴🌑🔴🔴🌑⚪️
⚪️⚪️⚪️⚪️⚪️⚪️⚪️
⚪🌑⚪️⚪️⚪️⚪️⚪️
⚪🌑🔴⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪🔴🌑🔴🌑⚪️⚪️
⚪🔴🌑🌑🔴⚪⚪
⚪
Are you talking about the extra space along the top?
I'm also tanning rn. And it's working 😜
Hahaha I would think its funny. But only 6 in Erik? Weak.
Omg
Also, did you forfeit connect4?
Oh dear, lol smh. Did you at least put it at the front of your description? If you want thirsty tinder girls, make sure it's the first thing they see
Meet you outside in 10?
slacked you a bunch of stuff, also can we do like 1? im a little behind
Want  go at like 12
Aight you ready for this fort
That's basically all of space dev 
Right now it's a "we can totally do this, give us money for it". It would be useful for deep space missions and stuff. 
Basically a plastic thing than ejects from the satellite and unfolds into an antenna 
ystem design for a proposal that would be attached to the Europa clipper mission 
Designing hella cubesats. Proposal submitted for a inflatable antenna concept, working on paper for a satellite that's launching in 2016  and I'm doing s
Rad shit bruh 
Everyone else did too so it's aight. Have you done cool LIDAR shit yet 
Lol no I failed 
I lost points on a thermo test because I tried to convince my professor water is an ideal gas rather than actually figure out how to solve the problem 
Lrn2unitconversion
30cm by 10 cm by 10cm bruh 
My lab is pretty edgy 
Cubesat so 3000cm cubed 
My boss smuggled a satellite into Germany in his carry on luggage 
I do a lot of coloring 
How's the air force 
Legalize crystal weed I think 
If you guys want to sit and order you can order me a lamb vindaloo 
Sounds good
Haha yea I figured. Are you guys here?
Thanks for therec
I have
I asked James and e didn't really seem into it
No Ian 
One other intern wants to come if that's alright
Alright I'll leave too
also lee said no github yet
That's going to big.
It's what I do
🔴🌑⚪️
 ⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪🌑⚪️⚪️⚪️⚪️⚪️
⚪🌑🔴⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪🔴🌑🔴🌑⚪️⚪️
⚪🔴🌑🌑🔴⚪⚪
⚪🔴🌑🔴
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪🌑🔴⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪🔴🌑⚪️🌑⚪️⚪️
⚪🔴🌑🌑🔴⚪⚪
⚪🔴🌑🔴🔴🌑⚪️
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪🌑🔴⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪🔴🌑⚪️⚪️⚪️⚪️
⚪🔴🌑🌑⚪⚪⚪
⚪🔴🌑🔴🔴🌑⚪️
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪🔴⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪🌑⚪️⚪️⚪️⚪️
⚪🔴🌑🌑⚪⚪⚪
⚪🔴🌑🔴🔴🌑⚪️
"Connect Whore"
Haha
Sounds good
I'm at work!
Hi Erik
I'll hang around the lab until then
That's fine
When and where
I am definitely interested. I'm a huge fan of Indian food
Erik 

I checked all mailboxes and no packages.  Not sure what happened to it but it was not delivered here 
Jeff DeLutis
Welcome to the herd! Download the app and ride the yak: http://yakwith.me/web
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪🌑⚪️⚪️⚪️⚪️
⚪🔴🌑🌑⚪⚪⚪
⚪🔴🌑🔴🔴⚪️⚪️
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪🌑🌑⚪⚪⚪
⚪🔴🌑🔴🔴⚪️⚪️
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪🌑⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪🌑🔴🔴⚪️⚪️
No clue why that was hard
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪🌑⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪🔴⚪️⚪️⚪️
I paid July and set up autopay but was for 86 oak, no apt number. I just wanted make sure it's credited correctly before the autopay kicks in.
t you know
Jeff DeLutis
No problems.  I am not sure they would have left it unless there was a room number on it.  If so then it is in the mailbox.  I will check tomorrow and le
Not from Ups or FedEx.  If it's parcel post check your mail box.  I will keep an eye out.
Jeff DeLutis
Do you have a phone number or email for your bing landlord/management co?
Nice
want to check out the fort on friday?
Gotta love innapropriate molestation jokes
Lmfao😂 that's a good one.
Despite how sexual that sounds Yep that's pretty much exactly how it went.
It was a nice confidence boost. Lmfao
I used to play all of the little kids in connect four when I volunteered for after school at my middle school. Of course I'd win.
Well you've got it and then some.
I like it.
A fool proof plan
That'd be so creepy
Lmao
If she responds you should just play her, beat her, and never message her again
Who doesn't wanna play connect four
LOL that's great
Yeah napping is included in my daily routine nowadays
Lol tinder really? Any potentials?
Hbu?
The usual
Nm. Working, living, thuggin
Yas you won't regret it.
Can't we just make this work somehow? Polyandry is becoming more and more popular these days
That's not gunna fly.
No.
Haha
Aha
I want a divorce.
Yeah well this lack of communication is taking a toll on our relationship Erik
Lol
You can just come out and say it instead of taking this roundabout way
I know you wanna see me Erik
Lmao no problemo
Also also, I'm listening to WBLK, and Yoga just came on. I spazzed, I almost forgot about that song
Also having trouble with the connect four board :/
And thank you! I wanna get ahead start on things
I don't think they have coding projects at my work...Ill see what I can do
Wow, that sounds incredible!
The Dallas cowboys are going to use virtual reality helmets for practices. It cuts down on hits . The company is STRIVR. 5 sec teams are also going to use them. They say every nfl team will be using them in 3 years.
What are you using Java for exactly? I'm jealous, I wish I was programming at work
Yeah, that's not too bad. First product name: "We Did a Thing"
So, I'm working on some code and it does a few things which help, but it's still kind of not done, right? Yeah, so that's the project. Hope that clarifies.
*cool.
Sounds good!

It kind of depends on where we decide to go with the project. Currently, it's really not glamorous at all (and isn't really user-facing), but potentially useful. If we decide to make it flashier, it could be really cools
Sounds good! Eventually it'll get easier. :)
How's Jack doing?

I'm doing pretty well -- I've got my intern project that I'm working on, and that's been good so far. Going to WWDC soon to go help out at some labs, so that's fun, too.
How’s work going, BTW?
(Sorry.)
ha you said “duty”
Interesting. Duly noted.
Can’t tell who’s having more of a stroke currently, me or you woof
It’s cool stuff. iOS 9 is way more baller, though. Really cool features in there.
Yep. Directly following the current Yosemite.
today i em fail
Lol here u go http://www.theverge.com/2015/6/8/8745353/apple-wwdc-2015-highlights-announcements-recap
(Hopefully that shows up as a link to you.)
The 10 most important announcements from Apple WWDC 2015
How many apts are at that address? 
They want an extra $25 if u pay by check, so am I starting an on line acct for auto deduction and I need the address. 
I need the address of the place you are renting.
And yeah it does! Challenging someone to a game?
Yeah I almost choked last night, I'm not surprised
Word
It's a hard life
I know
Watch him on late night or Conan
No like he's just a funny guy
He's also hilarious
That movie is dope
I love him
Yes. Yes he is.
We'll probably just talk over it
Unsure
I will!
I think we're gonna watch movies tonight or something
We're chillin
Good!
lol nah
yeah def
train definitely just went by
Oh word
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪🔴⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪🔴🔴🔵⚪⚪⚪
⚪🔵🔵🔴🔵⚪️⚪️
⚪🔴🔴🔵🔵⚪️⚪️
⚪🔴🔵🔴🔵⚪️⚪️
⚪️⚪️
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪🔴🔴🔵⚪️⚪️⚪️
⚪🔵🔵🔴⚪️⚪️⚪️
⚪🔴🔴🔵🔵⚪️⚪️
⚪🔴🔵🔴🔵
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪🔴⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪🔵🔵🔴⚪️⚪️⚪️
⚪🔴🔴🔵🔵⚪️⚪️
⚪🔴🔵🔴🔵⚪️⚪️
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪🔵🔵🔴⚪️⚪️⚪️
⚪🔴🔴🔵⚪️⚪️⚪️
⚪🔴🔵🔴🔵⚪️⚪️
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪🔵⚪️⚪️⚪️⚪️
⚪🔴🔴🔵⚪️⚪️⚪️
⚪🔴🔵🔴🔵⚪️⚪️
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪🔴🔵⚪️⚪️⚪️
⚪🔴🔵🔴🔵⚪️⚪️
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪🔴🔵⚪️⚪️⚪️
⚪⚪🔵🔴⚪⚪⚪
That's not my name but head
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪
⚪⚪🔵🔴⚪⚪⚪
Haha sure
Oh you mean play connect4
Are you home?
Yes
I can't read the address or online info.
How is it going? Do you have your bing rent payment information?
Tajts
Something something, sticky white stuff, vagina, something something
GEICO Policy: Your payment of $112.35 for policy ending in 7488 will be billed to the credit/debit card ending in 6131 on 06/13. Reply STOP to end texts.
Nah, I was at a bonfire playing Chubby Bunny
I'm not even drunk
Hahaha too many idk man 
And their friends 
All of them 
I didn't take a nap but I ate a lot of sugar, I think I'll have the same problem
Whatcha up to?
Eyyyy
Toddlers invaded dharas party 😒
Tommy's driving us to Taco Bell now 
It's good!
Thank you homie
<3
I stand by my opinion that I miss you hooligans.
lool @ that whole text
Eh, this poop is alright. It's one of those where you feel like you really need to poop but not a lot comes out. My butthole also burns a little bit but that's okay because I'm going to take a shower right after.

... you're onto us. I'm sorry, Erik. I'm going to have to... eliminate you from the equation.
Good! WWDC is this week, so looking forward to that. The Keynote is tomorrow, so we'll hear about all the stuff Apple is releasing this year.

I'm doing well - I don't do much on the weekends; just lazing about. (Currently pooping.)
Hahahaha
Lololololol <3
Also, I love the profile.
Nice be right there
Cool
Want to leave like 130?
Yeah. I ate something earlier so if you'd be ok pushing it back a lil great, if not still yes
It was some kind of basket sale thing, doesn't really matter. The point was that I was able to look around a bit. It's suuper nice in there. And super organized too
So I just got back from infiltrating an RFA event 
I keep thinking about that Itai text so heartfelt 
Also tell me when you've got Chicago so I can add those in 
The tex mex? Yeah def 
Yeah that works 
Yo want to get lunch
Nite!
That's all you can do, I'm sure you're killing it 👍🏼
Yeah, shit hours tho :/ I'm pretty jealous of your 9-5...first week went well?
NOOOOO
Banquet hall like 15-20 hours, internship 20 hours. It's alright
Self-control is limited at 1am
I work at a banquet hall and they make us take food home
 I just ate like 4 cupcakes...
Kinky
How many pins we talking?
It might not be
What exactly is your juggling record?
I like it! You come across as genuine and funny, well done
Do you sleep in barracks and stuff?
Good for you buddy 
Well that sounds pretty cool lmao 
sounds gucci 
"I enjoy tickling people's anuses." usually goes over well.
Lolololol you're asking me?
Lmao good luck dude 
And that's awesome how's the virtual reality?
That sounds really cool! Were you given a project to work on?

Also, lol, how's Tinder treating you?
I'm doing well! :) How's Rome and the Air Force?
How's the Air Force?
I know I'm excited 
Doing well! Hanging out with a friend at the mall. What's up?
Hi Erik
No
I miss you 
Erik! 
Hahaha OMG don't do that
Cookies on deck
I'm glad we're getting kegs ts gonabbe graynfh
Come home we miss uf
Hhehehhehee I willllll#!# 
Are doing it? £ don't belive h
It's going to be fucking legendary brosef. I miss you like air
You drink some water herok
Haha hahaha herok you don't knowwhaty I need
Ass
You're ignorj km g me
You said you missed my face so I took a selfie
Hello sober herok!
Hi Erik I miss you so harddddds come home doxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxoooo #grext #wemissyou #fromemma
Going to bed already?? uf such a weeenieee
I'm going paintballing tomorrow so not til late
Lol that's dope good for you. Wanna FaceTime
How are you doing bud
At Emily's house drinking natty for my boy
Meh, you have to remember it's Tinder. Adding a genuine "How's your night going?" or something along those lines helps. Just act legitimately interested
I hate you. "Hey"
DONT BE CREEPY. You're literally thinking so much into tinder
If you want
You can talk to her lol
This is tinder. Not match.com
I wanna see
Microsoft Verification Code: 9098
No
You're overthinking. Do what you're penis tells you
When you're a red head, you're either banging hot or fugly with no soul. No in between
If you see Beyoncé, I will be the one banging her
What's wrong with black girls. Beyoncé. Rihanna. Nicki Minaj.
So many losers on there, I've seen so many descriptions like "tits or gtfo", or "no ass? I'll pass." Avoiding things like that already puts you ahead
I can't wait
Get that pussy
Lmao, go with that that's perfect
Hahaha yeah that's good
you can make it more original than that, you're golden
Hmm...im horrible at those things, but just don't make it cliche. Everybody's description is like "I love animals, I'm outdoorsy, and I love sports." If 
Either a funny one liner. Or just like where you're from/school. Because the guys who put like a paragraph look like losers who are trying to hard
Hehe
I was
Large
Thx
Today is nonnas 85 birthday. Please call her later on after work. 
Went to go see vendors and saw products. And we went shopping to look at competitors. So good day
:) I finished early today!
I'm all the way in the back
I think the early bird just ended
We will definitely be te youngest people here
Ill get a table. Is it just us 3?
Haha ok I just got inside
Shoul I invite any of the other interns or have you done so already
Ok I'll meet you guys there
Sounds good
Hey. I just left AFRL. I don't mind. Wherever you guys want to go. I live in Utica so I'm just going to drive home fast to change
That is scary. Sounds like the tail is wagging the dog. The movie have actually  given them ideas.  Paul got the patriot act to expire. Don't forget about finding the alien bodies.
Do you have the mailing info for the Bing rent?
Hey thanks chief
ot the name of it.
No worries. And that's awesome man. Cp is still cp. there's not much more to it than that. Hey also wanted to ask you for that free movie website. I forg
Pretty bitchin. Internship going swell?
How's it going chief
Valiant effort 
This reminded me of you 
http://www.buzzfeed.com/kayesss/can-you-figure-out-these-kanye-west-songs-from-the-k1bt
A team of research scientists-sounds like murderous row. It's good to make friends with colonels.
My spologies. Will be done tomorrow
Jeff DeLutis
Hey Erik

Did I forget to give you a key to the fitness room. If so let me know and I will do it tomorrow.
Jeff DeLutis
Oh ok. I thought he said he may not be back by 3?
Br. Will be back and then we can head over, do you know where it is?
just checked with matt, what we were saying was good so you’re good
That's it....you are a team player!!!!
No but that would've been hilarious
It went well the guys are awesome and id helping them out with the morning show. Oh algorithms that's gonna be hella fun. You got this
Exciting! Learned how they put stuff up on their website an had an interview with Wbab morning show. How about you?
I didn't know you were such a believer in the stars
But I bet her personalitys is great
Hahaha is she a keeper?
I'm glad we're on the same page
Only a 10 year difference
Bring them to a loyalty party...
INTRODUCE ME
Just Manhatten
Any cute boys
How is your internship?
I'm working hands on with buyers and traveling to see vendors to negotiate products for all of our stores. I'm specifically buying for coats
Not yet hehe
It's still orientation week silly goose
It was good! Long but fun
;D
I may have to go to Walmart and I'm just cooking dinner so I'm gonna pass (pun intended) but I'll definitely hit you up at some point
Sweet thanks for the invite
Yeah I'm trying to model something for my heat transfer class and I'm trying to decide what program to use. thanks anyway tho
Leanne
Hi, super random. Have you ever used comsol?
That's nice man, seems like you'll be comfy there haha. And the room will be nice too
Ok sweet! It's always good for someone to lighten the tension. How's the living space??
Oh shit, that must've been tough
we say the same thing about engineers
I will dude, lol really? That's crazy
#businessprofessionals
No, completely necessary
It's just orientation week. So we met our buyers and put ourselves into the system, got laptops and phones. That kind of stuff
I'm just tired
Ahhh i loved it! Thanks for asking boo
How was yours?
I wasn't there lol, this was our first week technically. I start tomorrow
You're green on slack
IVE BEEN STANDING HERE FOR ~10 Minutes
YOU
Yo what's going on in there
🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱
🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱
🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱
🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱
🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱
🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱
🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱
🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱
That's awesome!! Don't be scared, you'll be great 🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱
Lol yes thank you. Hope your first day was great. Glad we got to chill. you da man
Look out...Big Brother is watching
The finger printing is not painful 
Oh boy.  This is such a great experience for you.  
How was your first day?
Thx
We have another 20 days to go before it resets 
How did the first day go?
Also the Tracy contact didn't go through, sent it one more time?
Verizon Msg: You've used all the data in your 4GB plan (cycle ends the 20th). Extra data for this cycle is $15 per 1GB. Or, to increase your plan by 2GB for $10 more per month, reply YES.
Verizon Msg: You've used all the data in your 4GB plan (cycle ends the 20th). Extra data for this cycle is $15 per 1GB or add 2GB to your plan for $10 more per month at vzwmobile.com/usg
Yup
You had your first day today right?
3720 Independence Avenue #1B, Bronx, NY 10463
Though, if they send me mail at home, I won’t be able to respond right away.
Wjats the name.of you cat website?
Yo this guy with the jacket is a gunner 
Aight I'm out here
Pradaa
Loui loui
Yeah that works 
But yeah don't get lyme disease 
A second one was controversial 
I just pulled off at least one
Yo check your entire body for ticks
http://i.imgur.com/e3pagDg.jpg
Solid
If you meet your wife, would you tell people you guys met on Tinder? Or would you make a cover story?
I support that! and its perfect because you won't awkwardly see anyone you know on there
lul
They have been showing Lizards games on msg. They are 7-0 and they are saying they could be the best team in the history of us lacrosse. They have the team usa goalie.
I'm really looking forward to it... Kinda surprised Jack is with the program, though; I guess college really loosened him up.
I mean, you definitely look like a kid in it, but maybe. :p
Looooooooooooooooooool that's hilarious.

I don't know who you're going to find in fucking Rome, NY, but good luck and Godspeed.
Yeah. It's a contraction of "Why have". But hey, don't change the subject. Why are you asking? :p
*why?
Ԁ̓Ȃju
Why've
Lol
14-16?
Because you have a stupid non iPhone phone
I think since you're no longer an iPhone when you send Certain emojis it doesn't work
You're sending me random letters?
If you don't get some serious pussy I'm gonna sue tinder
OMG
You are literally sending me pictures of yourself to upload to tinder...if this isn't true friendship idk what is
Have like a picture with other people or you'll look like a loser
I mean yeah kinda
HHaha it'll look like a crop job though!! It's okay to have like another person in it
You look like a baby freshman though
Ugh milena's so clutch
But it's a nice picture so why not
Hahaha you look like a fetus
The first one in 2012 and the second on the cruise in 2013
How many do u need.  Butch just sent one that you can edit
Lol you're right, I should know better
I tried to, I almost got bit
I hope so 😬
best 🐱
I can't sit down at the piano without him trying to help, he's the 
Not so hot, I scraped a C 
😔😔😔😔😔😔😔😔
Anywayyys, Tommy B can be summed up by "extremely nice and extremely unhelpful." Hopefully next semester goes smoother for you guys
What I decided was much better:
"Sorry, I just got home from working in the kitchen at a banquet hall. It was disgustingly hot and I felt gross so I showered"
What I almost sent: "Sorry, I just got home from work and was all sticky so I had to shower"
I don't have any pictures on my phone. Just my computer, I'll check when I go home. But I think I put all of them on Facebook
Exactly
Don't do a huge group pictures
And do one with a girl/girls
Yes the one with the cat website is cute
Omg cat website..,
No selfies/mirror pictures
Make sure your pictures are hot
Omg
Wait what profile?
Yeah what's up
Hiiii
You don't have wifi where you are
Verizon Msg: You've used about 90% of your 4GB data plan (cycle ends the 20th). Extra data for this cycle will be $15 per 1GB. Or, to increase your plan by 2GB for $10 more per month, reply YES.
Verizon Msg: You've used about 90% of your 4GB data plan (cycle ends the 20th). Extra data for this cycle will be $15 per 1GB or add 2GB to your plan for $10 more per month at vzwmobile.com/usg

Verizon Msg: You've used about 75% of your 4GB data plan (cycle ends the 20th). Track usage at vzwmobile.com/usg or add 2GB to your plan for $10 more per month.
We lost every game
Had a dream Tommy B coached my middle school basketball team
Hm no i figured she'd be home...maybe she's taking a test tho in that case She'll be back around 11
Love you man, have a great 3 weeks and I'll see you soon!
Oh ok :( yea I was sad lol but I'll see you soon
Shoot i'm actually going to Cayuga lake at 1030...if you call my mom tho 7863428 maybe She'll be there to let you in at some point
The king in crushing defeats is one of the best things in sports. It could have been 4 or 5 to 0 without him, but he did let in a softie. He's still a king without a crown. I was kind of hoping Callahan would score the game winner but il take the king giving up a softie.
I will give you a key on monday. Slide under your door 
Jeff DeLutis
Happy Ranger elimination day. Hawks are on at 8 tonight.
Booooooo
That's good. I guess you got there before 4.  The Brazilians made it home ok.  When we said goodbye at the gate Hosangela had tears and an expression that was indescribable. It was very moving.
   How did everything go today?
Dude, no worries. Nice! Sounds like a good time. I hope you have a nice apartment and stuff. :)
I am guessing you're you are in Rome or nearby. It was so nice to see you.  You always make my day.  :-)  Enjoy the internship. Keep in touch. 
If you're serious there's something wrong with you
Sounds good! You start working on Monday, yeah?
Ah gotcha
So are you in Rome now, or still on your way?
lololololol I love you
I actually did see Vaidy somewhere random before I left, but I don’t remember where...
Why did you have to stop by campus?
LOL that made my day
Okay have fun learn a lot love you
BOO
Your Waze verification code is 8917 (WazeApp)
Thank you!
What the fuck man
Way to say bye you iguana taint
Do you think you're going to leave without saying goodbye to loyalty 
Ahem
Ok great! We'll go out to eat at 8:30 after you arrive. See you later. Text me updates as you see fit
How's it looking?
Let me rant
Shhhhhh
English is my second language and I know that ....
What the fuck, that was phrased wrong it stated how much fabric to cover all sides of the prism, technically the top and bottom are sides...
Shit guess I can't be a mathematics major now haha
yes
its 360
and its just the rectangular faces not the triangular
just a joke relax
The answer is c
😂😂😂😂
😂😂😂😂
😂😂😂😂
Really, holy shit 
Which one 
Nice
We're not staying here though
Yes but we should do something
Ok play
Okie ☺️
Are you in my home
Are you in my home
Whatcha doing
Just got out if internship orientation and about to hang with Kaitlyn
Kk
Gotcha
Yeah can you get me. I'm ready to bounce
So im driving to you right?
Any plans tonight? 
Actually just finished
*dog
Gucci
Nah I got one. Thanks fog
Lol
I'll text you when I'm bouncing
Yessir
I'm at work till 7. Then I'm yours
Sup chief
Okie
No idea, prob 745ish
Where you at
I'm at Lorns. We're gonna eat dinner and then we can play
Eating at home
Ayy
Hi sorry I had an allergic reaction to the puppies saliva so we had a little mishap
Yea sorry lol forgot to text you last night and tell you we made it back
NEVER
An hour and a half
I'll be in cp in like an hour
Yes I am on my way home now
Uh i think lorn and Chrissy will probably get me
Non emojis make me uncomfy
Ugh farts. Maybe
Look @ my snap story...i just had sushi with my parents lol
We shall
Uhh idk yet why
Dad does t get an opinion
My mom wants a small dog but I want a big one. She's gonna win
I WANT THERE TO BE
YES I WANT ALL OF THEM
I KNOW
I looked at puppies with my parents
Hi Erik
Hi Erik
dont forget to pick me up at 2:06 nigga
Awesome! Risk taking at it's finest
We need to catchup
I miss you so much bb
So I'll let you know by like tomorrow
Hmm I might have work
Ugh
please Thursday though
OH WOW IM SO OFF
Oh I thought you were going to Germany for the air force
in Germany?
PLZPLZPLZ
THURSDAY THEN PLEASE
WHAT DO U MEAN
Air Force WHAT?
Thursday? Maybe friday
Good choice I loved my galaxy
Wtf where's your iphone
IM NOT UNFORTUNATELY
I miss you sfm!!!! DENNYS soon ok thanks
Slut
Where
 Sitting by the fire with Mickey and leandro
Hey sailor
Ok
10 minutes, and they'll have the ranger game on as well
So you in? 2 bucks a game tn
Yea not going anymore because it closed at sundown.
Wanna go bowling?
Swag
Pops side door
Come thru
Playing black flag
Home chief
Ur my plus one.
Looking at how much paperwork I have to sign by tomorrow and crying on the inside, what about you?
Of course.
Not sure what time
Me Adam and Kaitlin are going to da beach
Yo
*yo
To
Wassup
Lol. Sup
They're*
Pale*
Maintaining this level of pain takes dedication
nah, I just assume their jealous
e desk people are looking at me weird...😔
Also sitting at a tanning salon waiting for my friend to finish. Th
It was alright, I didn't drink but my runnings getting steadier I'm so excited about that
Lol that's good, sounds like you had a decent weekend
How's loyalty?
Thanks, it's nice to be here
Hmm, I should do more research
I also broke down and got Netflix. Life is basically a black hole
Ah okay, I was looking at that one. I just want a bigger screen 😒
Damn boy. Otter box
Not sure yet...which one did you get?
but more importantly how did you destroy your phone?
I'm switching to Android soon too!!!
What are you up to?
We left...😬
Currently in Tabby Town with about 5 cats 😬😬
lol so now you no longer have to delete shit every time you want to download a song... Nice.

Good! Today is a weird day because I don't yet have access to anything (room-wise or software-wise), but it's good to be back.
Lol, it honestly doesn't bother me
Do you at least have enough disk space on there?
What did you end up getting?
Haha, nice. I don't care...
Yikes

Lol, why would I yell at you? You probably didn't get a new iPhone, did you
Okay
Thought so
LOL
What thing is that?

